Can quantum-mechanical description of physical reality be considered complete?
New diagnostic criteria for multiple sclerosis: guidelines for research protocols
Optical processes in semiconductors
Über die von der molekularkinetischen Theorie der Wärme geforderte Bewegung von in ruhenden Flüssigkeiten suspendierten Teilchen
Mechanical vibrations
Optical resonance and two-level atoms
Zur elektrodynamik bewegter körper
Investigations on the Theory of the Brownian Movement
Catalysis in chemistry and enzymology
Theory of wing sections, including a summary of airfoil data
Eine neue bestimmung der moleküldimensionen
Über einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes betreffenden heuristischen Gesichtspunkt
The meaning of relativity
Creating minds: An anatomy of creativity seen through the lives of Freud, Einstein, Picasso, Stravinsky, Eliot, Graham, and Ghandi
Die grundlage der allgemeinen relativitätstheorie
Relativity
Recent advances in the phencyclidine model of schizophrenia
Subtle is the Lord: The Science and the Life of Albert Einstein: The Science and the Life of Albert Einstein
Yago: a core of semantic knowledge
The bed-load function for sediment transportation in open channel flows
The evolution of physics
Zur quantentheorie der strahlung
Metal‐free organic dyes for dye‐sensitized solar cells: From structure: Property relationships to design rules
Fate mapping analysis reveals that adult microglia derive from primitive macrophages
Quantentheorie des einatomigen idealen Gases
Ideas and opinions
The politics of nonviolent action, 3 vols
Autobiographical notes
Berichtigung zu meiner Arbeit:„Eine neue Bestimmung der Moleküldimensionen” ︁
Zur theorie der brownschen bewegung
A. Einstein, B. Podolsky, and N. Rosen, Phys. Rev. 47, 777 (1935).
Albert Einstein: Philosopher-Scientist, Library of Living Philosophers
Minireview: the adipocyte—at the crossroads of energy homeostasis, inflammation, and atherosclerosis
Die feldgleichungen der gravitation
Small molecule organic semiconductors on the move: promises for future solar energy technology
On the motion of small particles suspended in liquids at rest required by the molecular-kinetic theory of heat
Über die Spezielle und die allgemeine Relativititaetstheorie (Gemeinverstaendlich).
A guide to Feynman diagrams in the many-body problem
On the electrodynamics of moving bodies
252 The relativity principle
Theorie der Opaleszenz von homogenen Flüssigkeiten und Flüssigkeitsgemischen in der Nähe des kritischen Zustandes
Über gravitationswellen
Kosmologische betrachtungen zur allgemeinen relativitätstheorie
Ist die Trägheit eines Körpers von seinem Energieinhalt abhängig?
The foundation of the general theory of relativity
The gravitational equations and the problem of motion
An association between low maternal serum α-fetoprotein and fetal chromosomal abnormalities
Out of my later years
The principle of relativity
Sustainable metal catalysis with iron: from rust to a rising star?
Out of my later years
The particle problem in the general theory of relativity
NF-κB is essential for epithelial-mesenchymal transition and metastasis in a model of breast cancer progression
Eine neue Bestimmung der Molekulardimensionen
Lens-like action of a star by the deviation of light in the gravitational field
An oscillatory hierarchy controlling neuronal excitability and stimulus processing in the auditory cortex
Hyperglycemia inhibits endothelial nitric oxide synthase activity by posttranslational modification at the Akt site
Die plancksche theorie der strahlung und die theorie der spezifischen waerme
Palladium‐catalyzed carbonylation reactions of aryl halides and related compounds
Über den Einfluß der Schwerkraft auf die Ausbreitung des Lichtes
Multiple immuno-regulatory defects in type-1 diabetes
Recent applications of palladium‐catalyzed coupling reactions in the pharmaceutical, agrochemical, and fine chemical industries
The sodium/iodide symporter (NIS): characterization, regulation, and medical significance
The relationship of knee and ankle weakness to falls in nursing home residents: an isokinetic study
Über die spezielle und die allgemeine Relativitätstheorie
Population-based study of human papillomavirus infection and cervical neoplasia in rural Costa Rica
HGF, SDF-1, and MMP-9 are involved in stress-induced human CD34+ stem cell recruitment to the liver
Zum quantensatz von Sommerfeld und Epstein
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 14 (English): The Berlin Years: Writings & Correspondence, April 1923–May 1925 (English Translation Supplement)-Documentary Edition
Senile dementia of the Alzheimer type
A new determination of molecular dimensions
The world as I see it
Induction of adipocyte complement-related protein of 30 kilodaltons by PPARγ agonists: a potential mechanism of insulin sensitization
On the method of theoretical physics
Physics and reality
Prevalence of frequent headache in a population sample
The principle of relativity: a collection of original memoirs on the special and general theory of relativity
General relativity; an Einstein centenary survey
Why war?
Formulas for the transportation of bed load
Reactions in micellar systems
Apoptosis in podocytes induced by TGF-β and Smad7
Unified field theory of gravitation and electricity
Emerging themes in lipid rafts and caveolae
Manual of pediatric hematology and oncology
On gravitational waves
Cadherin switch in tumor progression
River channel roughness
Hyperphosphorylation and aggregation of tau in mice expressing normal human tau isoforms
Ethnicity and breast cancer: factors influencing differences in incidence and outcome
OnabotulinumtoxinA for treatment of chronic migraine: Pooled results from the double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled phases of the PREEMPT clinical program
The influence of the expansion of space on the gravitation fields surrounding the individual stars
The Universe and Dr. Einstein
Thermodynamic studies of lectin− carbohydrate interactions by isothermal titration calorimetry
Impact of active drug use on antiretroviral therapy adherence and viral suppression in HIV‐infected drug users
Opticks: Or a Treatise of the Reflection, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light
Opticks: Or a Treatise of the Reflection, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light
Sun exposure and mortality from melanoma
A randomized and blinded multicenter trial of high-dose fluconazole plus placebo versus fluconazole plus amphotericin B as therapy for candidemia and its consequences in …
Albert Einstein: creator and rebel
Astrocyte calcium waves: what they are and what they do
Multiple sclerosis: altered glutamate homeostasis in lesions correlates with oligodendrocyte and axonal damage
Zum gegenwärtigen stand des strahlungsproblems
Determination of circulating DNA levels in patients with benign or malignant gastrointestinal disease
Mein Weltbild. Hrsg. von Carl Seelig
Geometrie und erfahrung
Investigations on the Theory of the Brownian Movement
On the electrodynamics of moving bodies
Human dynamics: Darwin and Einstein correspondence patterns
Hydrodynamic forces on a rough wall
Effect of heavy sediment concentration near the bed on velocity and sediment distribution
Rapid clearance of human papillomavirus and implications for clinical focus on persistent infections
The psychiatric symptoms of Alzheimer's disease
Waging nonviolent struggle: 20th century practice and 21st century potential
On a stationary system with spherical symmetry consisting of many gravitating masses
7 On the Quantum Theory of Radíationf
Geometrie und erfahrung
Quanten‐mechanik und wirklichkeit
The catalytic amination of alcohols
Chronic type B hepatitis and the “healthy” HBsAg carrier state
Strahlungs-emission und-absorption nach der Quantentheorie
pfmdr1 mutations contribute to quinine resistance and enhance mefloquine and artemisinin sensitivity in Plasmodium falciparum
Controlled Generation of Hydrogen from Formic Acid Amine Adducts at Room Temperature and Application in H2/O2 Fuel Cells
Como vejo o mundo
Sidelights on relativity
Constitutive and Growth Factor-Regulated Phosphorylation of Caveolin-1 Occurs at the Same Site (Tyr-14) in Vivo: Identification of a c-Src/Cav-1/Grb7 Signaling …
Two‐Dimensional Crystals of Poly (3‐Alkyl‐thiophene) s: Direct Visualization of Polymer Folds in Submolecular Resolution
A Well‐Defined Iron Catalyst for the Reduction of Bicarbonates and Carbon Dioxide to Formates, Alkyl Formates, and Formamides
Eine neue bestimmung der molekuldimensionen
Oxytocin can hinder trust and cooperation in borderline personality disorder
Über die Entwicklung unserer Anschauungen über das Wesen und die Konstitution der Strahlung
Albert Einstein: a biography
On the relation between the expansion and the mean density of the universe
Clinical significance of RBC alloantibodies and autoantibodies in sickle cell patients who received transfusions
Grundzüge der Relativitätstheorie
Prinzipielles zur allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie
Does the inertia of a body depend upon its energy-content
On a generalization of Kaluza's theory of electricity
Complete rescue of obesity, diabetes,  and infertility in db/db mice by  neuron-specific LEPR-B transgenes
La evolución de la física
Liver transplantation for Wilson's disease: indications and outcome
Concerning an heuristic point of view toward the emission and transformation of light
Geometry and experience
The theory of relativity (and other essays)
Elementare Theorie der Brownschen) Bewegung
A generalization of the relativistic theory of gravitation
Increasing the efficacy of bioorthogonal click reactions for bioconjugation: a comparative study
Anti-TNF immunotherapy reduces CD8+ T cell–mediated antimicrobial activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis in humans
Physik und realität
On a heuristic point of view concerning the production and transformation of light
The exceptional brain of Albert Einstein
Effect of antihypertensives on sexual function and quality of life: the TAIM Study
A generalization of the relativistic theory of gravitation, II
On the motion of particles in general relativity theory
Ionizing radiation changes the electronic properties of melanin and enhances the growth of melanized fungi
The calcium sensor CBL1 integrates plant responses to abiotic stresses
Entry and integration of transplanted hepatocytes in rat liver plates occur by disruption of hepatic sinusoidal endothelium
Cosmological considerations on the general theory of relativity
Experiments to determine modes of cohesive sediment transport in salt water
Äther und Relativitäts-theorie
Essays in science
Genes encoding human caveolin‐1 and‐2 are co‐localized to the D7S522 locus (7q31. 1), a known fragile site (FRA7G) that is frequently deleted in human cancers
BRCA1 gene in breast cancer
Uptake mechanism of oppositely charged fluorescent nanoparticles in HeLa cells
On the brain of a scientist: Albert Einstein
Efficient gene silencing by delivery of locked nucleic acid antisense oligonucleotides, unassisted by transfection reagents
Treatment of invasive bladder cancer by cisplatin and radiation in patients unsuited for surgery
Do gravitational fields play an essential part in the structure of the elementary particles of matter?
Dicyanovinyl–Substituted Oligothiophenes: Structure‐Property Relationships and Application in Vacuum‐Processed Small Molecule Organic Solar Cells
Caveolin-deficient mice: insights into caveolar function human disease
A Convenient and General Iron‐Catalyzed Reduction of Amides to Amines
Die Evolution der Physik
Zur quantentheorie der strahlung
Solution‐Processed Bulk‐Heterojunction Solar Cells Based on Monodisperse Dendritic Oligothiophenes
A metaanalysis of 18F‐2‐deoxy‐2‐fluoro‐D‐glucose positron emission tomography in the staging and restaging of patients with lymphoma
The Albert Einstein College of Medicine
Selective hydrogen production from methanol with a defined iron pincer catalyst under mild conditions
Experimenteller Nachweis der Ampereschen Molekularstrome
Synthesis of the First Fully α‐Conjugated Macrocyclic Oligothiophenes: Cyclo[n]thiophenes with Tunable Cavities in the Nanometer Regime
Motor stereotypies in children with autism and other developmental disorders
Elementare Betrachtungen über die thermische Molekularbewegung in festen Körpern
Hydrogen generation at ambient conditions: application in fuel cells
Human papillomavirus infection and other risk factors for cervical neoplasia: a case‐control study
Ether and the Theory of Relativity
Core‐Substituted Naphthalene Bisimides: New Fluorophors with Tunable Emission Wavelength for FRET Studies
Albert Einstein: philosopher-scientist
Zur theorie der lichterzeugung und lichtabsorption
Born-Einstein Letters
On the generalized theory of gravitation
NF‐κB inhibition sensitizes hepatocytes to TNF‐induced apoptosis through a sustained activation of JNK and c‐Jun
Sobre la teoría de la relatividad
On the Influence of Gravitation on the Propagation of Light
Diskussion
Auf die riemann-metrik und den fern-parallelismus gegründete einheitliche feldtheorie
Localization of FMRP‐associated mRNA granules and requirement of microtubules for activity‐dependent trafficking in hippocampal neurons
Palladium‐Catalyzed Oxidative Carbonylation Reactions
A new PrfA‐regulated gene of Listeria monocytogenes encoding a small, secreted protein which belongs to the family of internalins
Peroxidase-H2O2-halide system: Cytotoxic effect on mammalian tumor cells
Psychological care of the medically ill: A primer in liaison psychiatry
A. Einstein, Ann. Phys.(Leipzig) 17, 549 (1905).
Macrophages promote collagen fibrillogenesis around terminal end buds of the developing mammary gland
Sequence and detailed organization of the human caveolin‐1 and‐2 genes located near the D7S522 locus (7q31. 1) Methylation of a CpG island in the 5′ promoter region of the …
Comment je vois le monde
In whom does status epilepticus occur: age‐related differences in children
Einige Argumente für die Annahme einer molekularen Agitation beim absoluten Nullpunkt
IL‐1‐regulated responses in astrocytes: Relevance to injury and recovery
Über die vom Relativitätsprinzip geforderte Trägheit der Energie
Einstein Philosophe la Physique Comme Pratique Philosophique
Considerations concerning the fundaments of theoretical physics
An improved ruthenium catalyst for the environmentally benign amination of primary and secondary alcohols
Einstein. A centenary volume
Statistische untersuchung der bewegung eines resonators in einem strahlungsfeld
Iron‐Catalyzed Asymmetric Epoxidation of Aromatic Alkenes Using Hydrogen Peroxide
Why socialism?
Efficient hydrogen production from alcohols under mild reaction conditions
Über die im elektromagnetischen Felde auf ruhende Körper ausgeübten ponderomotorischen Kräfte
Cooperative Transition‐Metal and Chiral Brønsted Acid Catalysis: Enantioselective Hydrogenation of Imines To Form Amines
Peptidomics: identification and quantification of endogenous peptides in neuroendocrine tissues
Ernst Mach
Family functioning and mental illness: A comparison of psychiatric and nonclinical families
Selective reduction of carboxylic acid derivatives by catalytic hydrosilylation
Briefwechsel 1916-1955 [zwischen] Albert Einstein, Hedwig und Max Born: kommentiert von Max Born
Hydrogenation of Esters to Alcohols with a Well‐Defined Iron Complex
Propylene carbonate as a solvent for asymmetric hydrogenations
Chronic pain and obesity in elderly people: results from the Einstein aging study
Total pelvic exenteration: the albert einstein college of medicine/montefiore medical center experience (1987 to 2003)
CO2‐“Neutral” Hydrogen Storage Based on Bicarbonates and Formates
A teoria da relatividade especial e geral
Pourquoi la guerre?
The effect of anti‐CD40 ligand antibody on B cells in human systemic lupus erythematosus
Die Nordströmsche Gravitationstheorie vom Standpunkt des absoluten Differentialkalküls
Selective Methylation of Amines with Carbon Dioxide and H2
Dialog über Einwände gegen die Relativitätstheorie
Expression of interleukin‐1β in human breast carcinoma
The role of insulin‐like growth factor‐I and its binding proteins in glucose homeostasis and type 2 diabetes
Lichtgeschwindigkeit und statik des Gravitationsfeldes
Improved Ruthenium‐Catalyzed Amination of Alcohols with Ammonia: Synthesis of Diamines and Amino Esters
Catalytic Hydrogenation of Carbon Dioxide and Bicarbonates with a Well‐Defined Cobalt Dihydrogen Complex
Nota Autobiográfica
Remarks on Bertrand Russell's theory of knowledge
Reliability and validity of a scale for assessing the functioning of geriatric patients
Tropical spastic paraparesis: A model of virus‐induced, cytotoxic T‐cell–mediated demyelination?
A generalized theory of gravitation
Emission and absorption of radiation in quantum theory
Increased incidence of gastrointestinal bleeding following implantation of the HeartMate II LVAD
Mi visión del mundo
Conversations with Albert Einstein
Indeed, it seems to me that the observations regarding" black-body radiation," photoluminescence, production of cathode rays by ultraviolet
Zum kosmologischen Problem der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie
Chromosomal localization, genomic organization, and developmental expression of the murine caveolin gene family (Cav‐1,‐2, and‐3) Cav‐1 and Cav‐2 genes map to a known tumor …
Albert Einstein: philosopher-scientist. 1
The ultimate quotable Einstein
Barrier passage and protein dynamics in enzymatically catalyzed reactions
The field equations of gravitation
On the non-existence of regular stationary solutions of relativistic field equations
Basic fibroblast growth factor and epidermal growth factor exert differential trophic effects on CNS neurons
Corrections and additional remarks to our paper: The influence of the expansion of space on the gravitation fields surrounding the individual stars
Zum gegenwärtigen stand des strahlungsproblems
Aus meinen späten Jahren
Born-Einstein Letters
Das Prinzip von der Erhaltung der Schwerpunktsbewegung und die Trägheit der Energie
La Física-Aventura del pensamiento
Albert Einstein: A documentary biography
Sobre la teoría especial y la teoría general de la relatividadel significado de la relatividad
Der Geschiebetrieb als Wahrscheinlichkeitsproblem
Über die elektromagnetischen Grundgleichungen für bewegte Körper
On the relativity principle and the conclusions drawn from it
Eine Theorie der Grundlagen der Thermodynamik
Science and religion
L'évolution des idées en physique
Zur allgemeinen molekularen Theorie der Wärme
Humanin: a novel central regulator of peripheral insulin action
The problem of space, ether, and the field of physics
Religion and science
Zur theorie der radiometerkräfte
Albert Einstein: the human side
Eine Beziehung zwischen dem elastischen Verhalten und der spezifischen Wärme bei festen Körpern mit einatomigem Molekül
Approximative integration of the field equations of gravitation
Lettres à Maurice Solovine: reproduites en facsimilé
A new form of the general relativistic field equations
Collected scientific papers
Come io vedo il mondo
Correspondance 1903-1955: Albert Einstein, Michele Besso
Zur Theorie des statischen Gravitationsfeldes
Mis ideas y opiniones
Albert Einstein: A Biography
The Principle of Relativity: a collection of original memoirs on the special and general theory of relativity
Albert Einstein; Philosopher, Scientist
On a heuristic point of view about the creation and conversion of light
Die Ursache der Mäanderbildung der Flußläufe und des sogenannten Baerschen Gesetzes
Theotie der Opaleszenz von Homogenen Flussigkeiten und Flussigkeitsgemischen in der Nahe des Kritischen Zustandes
Albert Einstein and empirical software engineering
Syngeneic adoptive immunotherapy and chemoimmuno-therapy of a friend leukemia: requirement for T cells
Hamiltonsches Prinzip und allgemeine Relativitätstheorie
Cosmic religion: With other opinions and aphorisms
A comparison of cisplatin and the combination of cisplatin and cyclophosphamide in advanced urothelial cancer. A National Bladder Cancer Collaborative Group A Study
Einstein on peace
Kinetische Theorie des Wärmegleichgewichtes und des zweiten Hauptsatzes der Thermodynamik
On the ether
REST and CoREST modulate neuronal subtype specification, maturation and maintenance
Folgerungen aus den Capillaritätserscheinungen
Bone-marrow transplantation for hematologic neoplasia in 16 patients with identical twins
Das relativitätsprinzip: eine sammlung von abhandlungen
Principles of research
Transport of sediment mixtures with large ranges of grain sizes
Widespread hypomethylation occurs early and synergizes with gene amplification during esophageal carcinogenesis
Relativity and the problem of space
Gibt es eine Gravitationswirkung, die der elektrodynamischen Induktionswirkung analog ist?
A. Einstein, L. Infeld, and B. Hoffmann, Ann. Math. 39, 65 (1938).
Ruthenium‐Catalyzed Asymmetric Epoxidation of Olefins Using H2O2, Part II: Catalytic Activities and Mechanism
How I created the theory of relativity
Synthesis, characterisation and application of iridium (III) photosensitisers for catalytic water reduction
Steady vortex flow in a real fluid
Ruthenium‐Catalyzed Hydrogenation of Bicarbonate in Water
The Evolution of Physics: The Growths of Ideas from Early Concepts to Relativity and Quanta
Elementary derivation of the equivalence of mass and energy
The Born-Einstein Letters: Correspondence Between Albert Einstein and Max and Hedwig Born from 1916 to 1955
Maxwell’s influence on the development of the conception of physical reality
The Bianchi identities in the generalized theory of gravitation
Bemerkung zu der Arbeit von A. Friedmann „Über die Krümmung des Raumes “
Theoretische bemerkungen über die Brownsche bewegung
Perché la guerra
Some strangeness in the proportion. A centennial symposium to celebrate the achievements of Albert Einstein.
Untersuchungen über die Theorie der" Brownschen Bewegung"
Einstein versus the physical review
Cosmological considerations on the general theory of relativity
Kovarianzeigenschaften der Feldgleichungen der auf die verallgemeinerte Relativitätstheorie gegründeten Gravitationstheorie
Berichtigung zu meiner Arbeit:„Die Plancksche Theorie der Strahlung etc.” ︁
Thermodynamische Begründung des photochemischen Äquivalentgesetzes
On the special theory of relativity
Living philosophies
Quantentheoretische Bemerkungen zum experiment von Stern und Gerlach
Oeuvres choisies
Philosopher-Scientist
On the general theory of relativity
Über die allgemeine Relativitätstheorie
Planck’s theory of radiation and the theory of specific heat
The Theory of Opalescence of Homogeneous Liquids and Liquid Mixtures Near the Critical State
Knowledge of past and future in quantum mechanics
Zur quantentheorie des strahlungsgleichgewichts
Letters on Wave Mechanics
Letter to Jacques Hadamard
Relativität und gravitation. Erwiderung auf eine Bemerkung von M. Abraham
Albert Einstein: theoretical physicist
Second approximation to the solution of the suspended load theory
Vier Vorlesungen über Relativitätstheorie gehalten im Mai 1921 an der Universität Princeton.
From problem to possibility: Leadership for implementing and deepening the processes of effective schools
Letters to solovine: 1906–1955
Z. f. Eéktrochem. 14. 235 (1908)
Time, space, and gravitation
Warum Krieg?
Notiz zu der Arbeit von A. Friedmann „Über die Krümmung des Raumes “
Sitz Preuss Akad. d. Wiss Phys
Clogging of porous column of spheres by sediment
Relatività: esposizione divulgativa: e scritti classici di Descartes, Newton, Lobacevskij, Riemann, Helmholtz, Maxwell, Poincaré, Einstein su spazio, geometria, fisica
The Meaning of Relativity. Including the Relativistic Theory of the Non-symmetric Field, by Albert Einstein,...
Sialic acids on the plasma membrane of cultured human lymphoid cells: Chemical aspects and biosynthesis
Über einen Satz der Wahrscheinlichkeitsrechnung und seine Anwendung in der Strahlungstheorie
Bemerkung zu meiner Arbeit “Zur allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie”
Einstein and the poet in search of the cosmic man
A. Einstein and EG Straus, Rev. Mod. Phys. 17, 120 (1945).
Two-body problem in general relativity theory
Zweite Abhandlung
Die grundlage der allgemeinen relativitätstheorie
L'evoluzione della fisica
Zum Ehrenfestschen Paradoxon
Storia del concetto di spazio
Quantum mechanics and reality
Bed-load transportation in Mountain Creek
Méthode pour la détermination de valeurs statistiques d'observations concernant des grandeurs soumises à des fluctuations irrégulières
Einstein on politics: His private thoughts and public stands on nationalism, Zionism, war, peace, and the bomb
Cisplatin and full dose irradiation for patients with invasive bladder carcinoma: a preliminary report of tolerance and local response
Adoptive chemoimmunotherapy of cancer in animals: a review of results, principles, and problems
Fundamental ideas and problems of the theory of relativity
Calculation of the viscosity-coefficient of a liquid in which a large number of small spheres are suspended in irregular distribution
Models for syngeneic adoptive chemoimmunotherapy of murine leukemias
Elementare Überlegungen zur Interpretation der Grundlagen der quanten-mechanik
Sobranie nauchnykh trudov
A. Einstein, Ann. Phys.(Berlin) 354, 769 (1916).
Albert Einstein: a biographical portrait
Theories of Relativity
A. Einstein, Verh. Dtsch. Phys. Ges. 19, 82 (1917).
Über die Möglichkeit einer neuen Prüfung des Relativitätsprinzips
Infeld L
Sitzungsberichte der Preussischen Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin
Albert Einstein, the human side: glimpses from his archives
The Private Albert Einstein
Raum, Äther und Feld in der Physik
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Vol. 7
The cause of the formation of meanders in the courses of rivers and of the so-called Baer’s law
Sitzungsber. Preuss. Akad. Wiss
Quoted by Kunitz (1)
Zu Kaluzas Theorie des Zusammenhanges von Gravitation und Elektrizität. Zweite Mitteilung
The common language of science
refrigeration
letter to Max Born
Prinzipielles zur verallgemeinerten Relativitätstheorie und Gravitationstheorie
Über die Gültigkeitsgrenze des Satzes vom thermodynamischen Gleichgewicht und über die Möglichkeit einer neuen Bestimmung der Elementarquanta
I fondamenti della teoria della relatività generale
Quantum Theory of Mono-Atomic Ideal Gas in “Pauli and the SpinStatistics Theorem
A brief outline of the development of the theory of relativity
Einheitliche Feldtheorie und Hamiltonsches Prinzip
The laws of science and the laws of ethics
A. Einstein and N. Rosen, J. Franklin Inst. 223, 43 (1937).
On the five-dimensional representation of gravitation and electricity
Relativity: The Special and General Theory, trans
Verh. dtsch. phys
Bemerkungen zu der Notiz von Hrn. Paul Ehrenfest:” ︁Die Translation deformierbarer Elektronen und der Flächensatz „
Albert Einstein Quotes
Albert Einstein, Hedwig und Max Born: Briefwechsel 1916-1955; geleitwort von Bertrand Russell
Bemerkung zu der Franz Seletyschen Arbeit” ︁Beiträge zum kosmologischen System „
Motive des Forschens
Explanation of the perihelion motion of mercury from the general theory of relativity
Bietet die feldtheorie Möglichkeiten für die Lösung des Quantenproblems?
Über einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes betreffenden heuristischen Gesichtspunkt [AdP 17, 132 (1905)]
Safety and efficacy of the MDR inhibitor Incel (biricodar, VX-710) in combination with mitoxantrone and prednisone in hormone-refractory prostate cancer
1.¿ Por qué la guerra?
Il significato della relatività
The origins of the general theory of relativity
Semi‐Vektoren und Spinoren
Phase II trial of chlorozotocin and fluorouracil in islet cell carcinoma: a Southwest Oncology Group study.
On the electrodynamics of moving bodies
Pensieri degli anni difficili
The world as I see it
Escritos da maturidade
Zum Relativitäts-Problem
Collection of scientific works. M
Briefwechsel
Investigations on the Theory of Brownian Motion. Reprint of the 1st English edition (1926)
Scientific papers presented to Max Born
Notiz zu E. Schrödingers Arbeit" Die Energiekomponenten des Gravitationsfeldes"
Sitzber
Experimental proof of the existence of Ampere’s molecular currents
Einstein sagt: Zitate, Einfälle, Gedanken
Über den gegenwärtigen Stand der Feld-Theorie
Newtons Mechanik und ihr Einfluß auf die Gestaltung der theoretischen Physik
SPACETIMES
Albert Einstein: sobre el humanismo: escritos sobre política, sociedad y ciencia
Osseous manifestations of Waldenström's macroglobulinemia
A basic description of sediment transport on beaches
Collection of works
Physical Review, 47, 777
Théorie unitaire du champ physique
Einstein, A., 1914, Verh. Dtsch. Phys. Ges. 12, 820
Zur affinen Feldtheorie
Conceptions scientifiques: Albert Einstein; traduction de l'anglais par Maurice Solovine; revue et complétée par Daniel Fargue
Heterologous antisera against specific HL-A antigens
Science, philosophy and religion, a symposium
Autobiografia scientifica
Der Energiesatz in der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie
Cisplatin bolus and 5-FU infusion chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
Albert Einstein in Berlin, 1913-1933
Einleitende Bemerkungen über Grundbegriffe
Demonstration of the non-existence of gravitational fields with a non-vanishing total mass free of singularities: in English and Spanish
Induktion und Deduktion in der Physik
Einstein on cosmic religion and other opinions and aphorisms
Relativity: the special and the general theory
Über die formale Beziehung des Riemannschen Krümmungstensors zu den Feldgleichungen der Gravitation
Prinzipielles zur allgemeinen Relativit tstheorie
Outline of a generalized theory of relativity and of a theory of gravitation: Physical part
BrainyQuote. com
The Principle of Relativity: A Collection of Original Memoirs on the Special and General Theory of Relativity, by HA Lorentz, A. Einstein, H. Minkowski and H. Weyl. With Notes …
Die Relativitätstheorie
Física e realidade
4,000 RAD preoperative irradiation followed by prompt radical cystectomy for invasive bladder carcinoma: a prospective study of patient tolerance and pathologic downstaging
What I believe
What Life Means to Einstein: An Interview by George Sylvester Viereck
A propos de «La Déduction Relativiste» de M. Émile Meyerson
The new quotable Einstein
Algebraic properties of the field in the relativistic theory of the asymmetric field
Essays in physics
Physikalische Grundlagen einer Gravitationstheorie
Einstein und sein Weltbild: Aufsätze und Vortráge
Conceptos de espacio
¿ Por qué socialismo?
The pricnciple of relativity: a collection of original memoirs on the special and general theory of relativity
Äther und Relativitätstheorie: Rede gehalten am 5. Mai 1920 an der Reichs-Universität zu leiden
Koeniglich Preussiche Akademie der Wissenshaften Berlin
Bemerkungen zu den P. Hertzschen Arbeiten:„Über die mechanischen Grundlagen der Thermodynamik” ︁
Die feldgleichungen der gravitation
Geometry and experience (1921)
Cum vad eu lumea
A comment on a criticism of unified field theory
Movement of beach sands by water waves
Sitzungsber. Preuss. Akad. Wiss. Phys. Math. Kl. 24, 401 (1930)
Beiträge zur Quantentheorie
On the development of our views concerning the nature and constitution of radiation
Quote
Schallausbreitung in teilweise dissoziierten Gasen
Ancillary techniques in the followup of transitional cell carcinoma: a comparison of cytology, histology and deoxyribonucleic acid image analysis cytometry in 91 patients
Sobre a eletrodinâmica dos corpos em movimento
Review of Elsbach 1924
Kosmologische betrachtungen zur allgemeinen relativitätstheorie
Sobre la electrodinámica de los cuerpos en movimiento
Albert Einstein: philosopher-scientist
Die Diracgleichungen für Semivektoren
Pourquoi la guerre?
Uber den Ather
Besprechungen
Über Friedrich Kottlers Abhandlung “Über Einsteins Äquivalenzhypothese und die Gravitation”
Entwurf einer verallgemeinerten Relativitätstheorie u. einer Theorie der Gravitation
A new parallel schema for branch-and-bound algorithms using GPGPU
Über eine naheliegende Ergänzung des Fundamentes der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie
A testimonial
Investigations on the Theory of the Brownian Movement
On the Movement of Suspended Particles in Stationary Fluids Deduced from Molecular-Kinetic Theory of Heat (in German)
La théorie de la relativité restreinte et générale
Current concepts in the management of patients with deeply invasive bladder carcinoma
Ideas and Opinions, translated by Sonja Bargmann
Essay in physics
Bivector fields
Zur Methodik der Theoretischen Physik
Induction and deduction in physics
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 8: The Berlin Years: Correspondence, 1914-1918.
Louis de Broglie, physicien et penseur
Briefe an Maurice Solovine
Bemerkungen zu den in diesem Bande vereinigten Arbeiten
La Théorie de la Relativité
Bemerkung zu Herrn Schrödingers Notiz" Über ein Lösungssystem der allgemein kovarianten Gravitationsgleichungen"
Einc neue Brstimmung der r. fokkiildimcnsionen... 11111
On the expressiveness of the languages for the semantic web—making a case for ‘A little more’
Fund-raising telegram for the Emergency Committee of Atomic Scientists, 23 May 1946
Education
La géométrie et l'expérience
Zwei strenge statische Lösungen der Feldgleichungen der einheitlichen Feldtheorie
Jak vidím svět. Dl. I.
La musique romantique
Letters on Wave Mechanics: Schrödinger, Planck, Einstein, Lorentz
The Meaning of Relativity (Princeton, 1953)
Sur l'électrodynamique des corps en mouvement
Verhandl. deut. physik
The formal foundation of the general theory of relativity
Eine neue formale Deutung der Maxwellschen Feldgleichungen der Elektrodynamik
Über die von der molekularkinetischen Theorie der Wärme geforderte Bewegung von in ruhenden Flüssigkeiten suspendierten Teilchen [AdP 17, 549 (1905)]
Die Grundlage der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie [AdP 49, 769 (1916)]
Einstein's 1912 manuscript on the special theory of relativity
Ewolucja fizyki
Bite-size Einstein: Quotations on just about everything from the greatest mind of the twentieth century
National Bladder Cancer Collaborative Group A: Cisplatin and full dose irradiation for patients with invasive bladder carcinoma: A preliminary report of tolerance and local …
Sobre la teorıa de la relatividad
O princípio da relatividade
Über den Frieden
Como vejo o mundo
Das Komptonsche Experiment. Ist die Wissesnchaft um ihrer selbst willen da?
Das Relativitätsprinzip
Elementare theorie der wasserwellen und des fluges
Hedwig und Max Born
El espacio de Einstein y el cielo de Van Gogh
Correspondence 1916-1955 [entre] Albert Einstein, Max Born et Hedwig Born
Autobiographische Skizze
E= mc2
Riemannsche Geometrie unter Aufrechterhaltung des Begriffes des Fernparallelismus (Riemannian Geometry with Maintaining the Notion of Distant Parallelism), Sitzungsberichte der …
Die deutsche Philosphie in Argentinien
Quantum theory of the monoatomic ideal gas
Grundgedanken und Methoden der Relativitätstheorie, in ihrer Entwicklung dargestellt
Opere scelte
Os fundamentos da teoria da relatividade geral
The immune reactivity of heterologous antisera against a solubilized human lymphoid membrane component
The complete collection of scientific papers
My theory
Das relativitätsprinzip: eine Sammlung von Abhandlungen
The speed of light and the statics of the gravitational field
Is there a gravitational effect which is analogous to electrodynamic induction
Einstein, A., 1905, Ann. Phys.(Leipzig) 31, 132.
Systematische Untersuchung über kompatible Feldgleichungen, welche in einem Riemannschen Raume mit Fernparallelismus gesetzt werden können
Ueber die thermodynamische Theorie der Potentialdifferenz zwischen Metallen und vollständig dissociirten Lösungen ihrer Salze und über eine elektrische Methode zur Erforschung …
Combination transurethral resection, systemic chemotherapy, and pelvic radiotherapy for invasive (T2–T4) bladder cancer unsuitable for cystectomy: a phase I/II Southwestern …
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 4: The Swiss years: Writings 1912-1914
The Meaning of Relativity.(Revised.).
Quantentheorie des einatomigen idealen Gases. Akademie der Wissenshaften
The Theory of the Affine Field
Infeld L.(1938)
Näherungsweise Integration der Feldgleichungen der Gravitation
Ideas and opinions
On the Method of Theoretical Physics: The Herbert Spencer Lecture; Delivered at Oxford 10 June 1933
The new field theory
Grundgedanken und Probleme der Relativitätstheorie
Beweis der Nichtexistenz eines überall regulären zentrische symmetrischen Feldes nach der Feld-Theorie von Th. Kaluza
Verlandlungen der deutchen physikalischen Gesellschaft
Hamilton's principle and the general theory of relativity
Principles of theoretical physics
Covariance properties of the field equations of the theory of gravitation based on the generalized theory of relativity
1955
inAlbert Einstein: Philosopher-Scientist, PA Schilpp, ed
Atomic war or peace
Unified field theory based on Riemannian metrics and distant parallelism
Das Raum-, Feld-und Ather-Problem in der Physik
Importance of Static Gravitational Fields Theory
d. Physik 22, 180, 800 (1907)
Correspondencia con Michele Besso:(1903-1955)
Uber einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes Betreffenden Heuristischen Gesichtspunkt
Fysika jako dobrodružství poznání
A. Einstein, Ann. Math. 40, 922 (1939).
Nichteuklidische Geometrie und Physik
The Meaning of Relativity: Four Lectures Delivered at Princeton University, May, 1921. With 4 Diagrs
Antwort auf vorstehende Betrachtung
18, 173 (1916)
Nachtrag zu meiner Arbeit:„Thermodynamische Begründung des photochemischen Aquivalentgesetzes” ︁
Infeld. L. 1938, The Evolution of Physics
Zur Theorie der Räume mit Riemann‐Metrik und Fernparallelismus
Physics & reality
Albert Einstein, Mileva Maric: The Love Letters
Cómo veo el mundo
Cisplatin as adjunctive treatment for invasive bladder carcinoma: tolerance and toxicities
La relatividad:(memorias originales)
Elektron und allgemeine Relativitätstheorie
1916
Bemerkungen zu P. Harzers Abhandlung «Über die Mitführung des Lichtes in Glas und die Aberration»(AN 4748)
Pensieri di un uomo curioso
The Einstein Reader
Bemerkungen über periodische Schwankungen der Mondlänge, welche bisher nach der Newtonschen Mechanik nicht erklärbar erschienen
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Vol. 5: The Swiss Years: Correspondence, 1902-1914
Method for the determinination of the statistical values of observations concerning quantities subject to irregular fluctuations
Idee e opinioni: da" Mein Weltbild"
Autobiographisches
Conceptions scientifiques, morales et sociales
Erinnerungen-Souvenirs
Ideas and opinions (S. Bargmann, Trans.)
The real problem is in the hearts of men
Bivector fields II
Physik und Realitiit
Bemerkung zu P. Jordans Abhandlung „Zur Theorie der Quantenstrahlung”
On the present state of the problem of gravitation
Ueber eine Methode zur Bestimmung des Verhältnisses der transversalen und longitudinalen Masse des Elektrons
Il mondo come io lo vedo
Pisma filozoficzne
Introduction Einstein's Relativity
Collection of Scientific Works, Vol. 4
CORRECTION
The way out
A. Einstein, Science 84, 506 (1936).
Prüfung der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie
Bemerkungen zu der Arbeit:" Entwurf einer verallgemeinerten Relativitätstheorie und einer Theorie der Gravitation"
What causes mental illness?
Erklärung der Perihelbewegung des Merkur aus der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie
Induction and deduction in physics (1919)
Escritos da maturidade: artigos sobre ciência, educação, religião, relações sociais, racismo, ciências sociais e religião
Este es mi pueblo
Aplastic anemia (AA) treated by allogeneic marrow transplantation: the Seattle experience.
Use of dimethylmyleran in adoptive chemoimmunotherapy of two murine leukemias
Albert Einstein und Johannes Stark: Briefwechsel und Verhältnis der beiden Nobelpreisträger
The method of science
Physics, philosophy and scientific progress
Spinoza: portrait of a spiritual hero
Einstein on the Atomic Bomb
Field theories, old and new
podolsky B and Rosen N 1935 Phys
El mundo como yo lo veo.
On the method of theoretical physics
Die Kompatibilität der Feldgleichungen in der einheitlichen Feldtheorie
Istota teorii wzglȩdnośoi
Physik und Transzendenz: die großen Physiker unseres Jahrhunderts über ihre Begegnung mit dem Wunderbaren
Ideas and Opinions
Comment je vois le monde
Quatre conférences sur la théorie de la relativité faites à l'Université de Princeton
Philosopher-scientist
Education for independent thought
Light intensity self-adjusting camera
Electrons et photons
Observações sobre a situação atual da teoria da luz
Experimentelle Bestimmung der Kanalweite von Filtern
Lassen sich Brechungsexponenten der Körper für Röntgenstrahlen experimentell ermitteln?
Nachträgliche Antwort auf eine Frage von Herrn Reißner
L'état actuel du problème des chaleurs spécifiques
Zum gegenwärtigen Stande des Problems der spezifischen Wärme
Annalen der Physik, 17, 891
Pain as disease and illness-Part Two
Einheitliche Theorie von Gravitation und Elektrizität
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 9: The Berlin Years: Correspondence, January 1919-April 1920
Strange is our situation here upon Earth
Opere scelte, a cura di E
Combined modality therapy for advanced, diffuse lymphocytic and histiocytic lymphomas
Réflexions sur l'électrodynamique, l'éther, la géométrie et la relativité
The Meaning of Relativity (Princeton UP, Princeton, NJ, 1955)
Einstein on Peace, ed. Otto Nathan and Heinz Norden
foreword to Concepts of Space, by M. Jammer
The Late Emmy Noether
The Einstein-Freud Correspondence (1931–1932)
Sitzungsber. Preuss. Akad. Wiss. Berlin, Phys
Isaac Newton
Meine Antwort. Ueber die anti-relativitätstheoretische GmbH
Max Planck als Forscher
letter to Ernst Mach
Eine neue elektrostatische Methode zur Messung kleiner Elektrizitätsmengen
Pensieri, idee, opinioni
Born-einstein Letters 1916-1955: Friendship, Politics and Physics in Uncertain Times
Essays in humanism
Cognition and motor skills
Geometría no euclídea y física (1926)
Zur elektrodynamik bewegter körper [adp 17, 891 (1905)]
Letter to Michele Besso’s family
Akademie Vorträge
Grundzüge der Relativitätstheorie.(A backtranslation from the Four Lectures on Theory of Relativity.) Akademie-Verlag Berlin
On the" Cosmologic Problem"
Brownian Motion [Russian translation]
Spaltung der natürlichsten Feldgleichungen für Semi-Vektoren in Spinor-Gleichungen vom Dirac'schen Typus
Science and God
The mechanics of Newton and their influence on the development of theoretical physics
Vorschlag zu einem die Natur des elementaren Strahlungs-Emissionsprozesses betreffenden Experiment
Preussische akademie der wissenschaften, Phys-math
Ber die spezielle und die allgemeine relativittstheorie (gemeinverstndlich).
Experimenteller nachweis der ampèreschen molekularströme
The nature of reality
Como vejo a Ciência, a Religião eo Mundo
Physique, philosophie, politique
Diaminedichloroplatinum (DDP) VS. DDP plus cyclophosphamide (CY) for metastatic bladder carcinoma. A national bladder cancer collaborative group A (NBCCGA) study
Letters on Absolute Parallelism 1929-1932
La théorie de la relativité restreinte et générale: exposé élémentaire; La relativité et le problème de l'espace
The Meaning of Relativity (Princeton University Press, Princeton)
Investigation on the theory of motion
Ideas and Opinions, trans
The advent of the quantum theory
Darstellung der Semi-Vektoren Als Gewohnliche Vektoren von Besonderem Differentiations Charakter
About Zionism: Speeches and Letters by Professor Albert Einstein
Investigations on the Theory of the Brownian Movement, edited by R
Une nouvelle figure du monde: les théories d'Einstein
Bemerkung zu der Abhandlung von WR Heß „Beitrag zur Theorie der Viskosität heterogener Systeme “
Comment on the Paper by WR Heß,‘Contribution to the theory of the viscosity of heterogeneous systems,’
Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft
Nordstrom's Theory of Gravitation from the Point of View of the Absolute Differential Calculus
Bemerkung zu dem Gesetz von Eötvös
Investigation of motions in condensed matter by inelastic neutron scattering
Concerning the Aether, 1924
Mi credo humanista
Wie ich die Welt sehe
Untersuchungen über die Theorie der Brownschen Bewegung/Abhandlungen über die Brownsche Bewegung und verwandte Erscheinungen
Ideas and Opinions [1954]
How I see the world
1993
Das Fundament der Physik
Marrow transplantation for leukemia and aplastic anemia
Suppression of Secondary Cellular Immunity to a Tumor Allograft by Cyclophosphamide and 1, 3-Bis (2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea
La teoría de la relatividad: sus orígenes e impacto sobre el pensamiento moderno
Creator and Rebel
The Born-Einstein Letters: Correspondence Between Albert Einstein and Max and Hedwig Born from 1916 to 1955, With Commentaries by Max Born. Tr. By Irene Born
L'éther et la théorie de la relativité. La Géométrie l'expérience
The World as I See It. Secaucus
Essays in science
Une démonstration élémentaire de l’équivalence masse-énergie
Physik als Abenteuer der Erkenntnis
A. Einstein and P. Bergmann, Ann. Math. 39, 683 (1938)
The world as I see it (A. Harris, Trans.)
„Einiges über die Entstehung der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie “
Sur la structure cosmologique de l’espace
Annalen der Physik, 49, 769
On the theory of the static gravitational field
Time is derived from Motion
Warum Sozialismus?
Einheitliche theorie von gravitation und elektrizität. zweite abhandlung
Annus mirabilis: 1905, Albert Einstein, and the theory of relativity
The Swiss Years: Writing 1900-1909:...
Autologous red blood cell and platelet engulfment in hairy cell leukemia
L’évolution des idées en physique
De mis últimos años
L'évolution des idées en physique: des premiers concepts aux théories de la relativité et des quanta
Remarks to the essays appearing in this collective volume
Theodore von Karman Anniversary Volume
Science, Philosophy, and Religion
The World as I See it... Translated by Alan Harris
The World as I See It, trans
Science, 84, 506
Les fondements de la théorie de la relativité générale
Religion und Wissenschaft
Rapports et Discussions du Cinquième Conseil Solvay
Einstein, A., 1914, Astron. Nachr. 199, 9 and 47
La théorie du rayonnement et les quanta
Sobre a Influência da Gravidade na Propagação da Luz
¿ La inercia de un cuerpo depende de su contenido de energía?"
Albert Einsteins Relativitätstheorie: die grundlegenden Arbeiten
Über ein den Elementarprozess der Lichtemission betreffendes Experiment
Az idő rövid története: a nagy bummtól a fekete lyukakig
The swiss years: correspondence, 1902-1914
Albert Einstein: pensamento politico e ultimas conclusões
Comment je vois le monde, trad
Mein Weltbild, hrsg. v
Über den Frieden: Weltordnung oder Weltuntergang?
as quoted by G. Gamow “My World Line”
La relatividad
Letters on Wave Mechanics
Escritos sobre la paz
On Five-dimensional Representation of Gravitation and Electricity/Theodore von Karman Anniversary Volume, Pasadena, Calif. Inst. Technol., 1941, 212—225; Al'bert Jejnshtejn …
Scienza, filosofia e religione
Relativity: the Special and the General Theory, translated by Robert W
Naturwissenschaft und Religion
Arms can bring no security
Einstein on humanism
The military mentality
l947
Bemerkungen zu Bertrand Russells Erkenntnistheorie
The work and personality of Walther Nernst
Personal god concept causes science-religion conflict
Mi credo
Review of Winternitz 1923
Relativity, The Special & The General Theory, Tr
Bemerkung zu E. Gehrckes Notiz" Über den Äther"
Marian v. Smoluchowski
Relativity: the special and the general theory. (trans: Robert W. Lawson in 1920.)
On the Foundations of the Generalized Theory of Relativity and the Theory of Gravitation
Sur les forces pondéromotrices qui agissent sur des conducteurs ferromagnétiques disposés dans un champ magnétique et parcourus par un courant
Annalen der Phys. 17, 548 (1905);(b) ibidem 19, 371;(c) 289 (1906);(d) Zeit. f
Essays in Science (New York: Philosophical Library, 1934)
Porquê a Guerra?
Correspondence, January-December 1921
Die Evolution der Physik
Über die Interferenzeigenschaften des durch Kanalstrahlen emittierten Lichtes
Albert Einstein to Michele Besso
A teoria da radiação de Planck e a teoria do calor específico
Um diálogo entre Eisntein e Freud: Porque a Guerra
A. Calaprice
Autobiographical notes (1949)
Continuous-infusion 5-fluorouracil and cisplatin for advanced/recurrent transitional cell cancer of the bladder: a Southwest Oncology Group trial
Über die gegenwärtige Krise der theoretischen Physik
The world as I see it (1932)
Physique et réalité
La lucha contra la guerra
Einstein on the Beach: The changing image of opera
Cosmic religious feeling
Sobre la teoría especial y la teoría general de la relatividad
Maxwell Einfluss auf die Entwicklung der Auffassung des physikalisch-realen
O princípio da relatividade
La física aventura del pensamiento
Scienza e vita: lettere 1916-1955
Albert Einstein, creatore e ribelle
Albert Einsteins erste wissenschaftliche Arbeit/„Mein lieber Onkel” ︁/über die Untersuchung des Ätherzustandes im magnetischen Felde
A. Einstein autobiographical notes
A new determination of molecular dimensions
Extension du group relativiste
HA Lorentz, his creative genius and his personality
Emanuel Lasker: Biographie eines Schachweltmeisters
Remarks to the essays appearing in this collected volume
The Meaning of Relativity, Menthuen and Co
The Meaning of Relativity, Including The Generalized Theory of Gravitation
Leopold Infeld
In PA Schilpp (Ed.) Albert Einstein: Philosopher-Scientist. Evanston
A reply to the Soviet scientists
Letter to Lincoln Barnett, quoted in “The concept of mass” by Lev Okum
Open Letter to the General Assembly of the United Nations'
Only then shall we find courage
``Mozhno li schitat', chto kvantovo-mekhanicheskoe opisanie fizicheskoi real'nosti yavlyaetsya polnym?''(``Whether it is possible to consider, that the quantum-mechanical …
About free will
Zum kosmologischen Problem der allgemeinen Relatvitätstheorie, Sitzungsber
Johannes Kepler
1931
Space, Ether and the Field in Physics
Relativität und Raumproblem
A. Einstein and O. Stern, Ann. Phys.(Leipzig) 40, 551 (1913).
A. Einstein, Inst. Int. Phys. Solvay Con. Phys.[Rapp. Discuss.] 1, 450 (1911).
Statistical treatment ofa resonator in afield ofradiation
Sur la théorie des quantités lumineuses et la question de la localisation de l'énergie électromagnétique
Annalen der Physi. 17 (1905) 132
Quantum theory of monatomic ideal gas pt. ii, S
The Meaning of Relativity (Methuen, London, 1956)
Einstein w cytatach
Das Komptonsche Experiment. Ist die Wissenschaft um ihrer selbst willen da? El experimento de Compton¿ Es la ciencia un fin en sí mismo
On the present state of the problem of gravitation
Bemerkung zu der Abhandlung von E. Trefftz:“Das statische Gravitationsfeld zweier Massenpunkte in der Einsteinschen theorie”
On the electrodynamics of moving bodies
How I Constructed the Theory of Relativity
Mein Weltbild, herausgegeben von Carl Seelig
Why socialism?
Albert Einstein
Fundamental ideas and methods of the theory of relativity
¿ Por que la guerra
Einstein's God Albert Einstein's Quest as a Scientist and as a Jew to Replace a Forsaken God
Moj pogled na svijet
L’elettrodinamica dei corpi in movimento (1905)
Quantum Theory and Measurement, edited by JA Wheeler and WH Zurek
The Meaning of Relativity (Princeton University, Princeton, 1956)
Effect of dimethylmyleran on cell-mediated immunity to a tumor allograft
The Compton Experiment
Albert Einstein, Michele Besso, Correspondence, 1903-1955
Collected Works, Vol. 1
The biochemical aspects of hormone action
Grundz~ ge der Relativitatstheorie, 2
A. Einstein and B. Kaufman, Ann. Math. 62, 128 (1955)
Collection
On the moral obligation of the scientist
Physik und Wirklichkeit
Reply to critics
On the cosmological problem. Appendix to The Meaning of Relativity
Det moderne verdensbillede
Prefacio a «Where is Science Going?» de Max Planck
Preface to M. Plank
fight against war
Zu Dr. Berliners siebzigstem Geburtstag
Zum kosmologischen Problem
Albert Einstein über Kepler
Bestimmt Schrödinger’s Wellenmechanik die Bewegung eines Systems vollständig oder nur im Sinne der Statistik?
Neue Experimente über den Einfluss der Erdbéwegung auf die Lichtgeschwindigkeit relativ zur Erde
Quantentheorie des idealen einatomigen Gases, Sitzber
Sidelights on Relativity, translated by: GB Jeffery and W
Relativity (tr. by Robert W. Lawson)
Letter to HA Lorentz
A. Einstein, Ann. Phys.(Leipzig) 49, 769 (1915).
On the possibility of a new test of the relativity principle
Sobre un punto de vista heurıstico concerniente a la producción y transformación de la luz
Relativity: The Special and General Theory (Methuen & Co., London, 1920), Chap. XXII
The World As I See It. A Philosophical Library Book
Mis creencias
Letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt
Dialog about objections against the theory of relativity
Zur Theorie der Lichtfortpflanzung in dispergierenden Medien
Physics, philosophy, and scientific progress
Einstein's Annalen Papers
Sobre a teoria quàntica da radiaçao
Eine neue Bestimmung der Moleküldimensionen [AdP 19, 289 (1906)]
Textos fundamentais da física moderna
Phase II trial of CHIP for the treatment of advanced, hormonally refractory carcinoma of the prostate. A Southwest Oncology Group Study.
Escritos da maturidade ciencia, religião, racismo, educação, relações sociais
Teoria dei quanti di luce
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 2, The Swiss years: writings, 1900-1909:[English translation]
INTENSIVE-5 DRUG-THERAPY FOR SMALL CELL BRONCHOGENIC-CARCINOMA
Letter to Ernst Mach. Zurich, 25 June 1913
letter of January 3rd 1916 in ‘Albert Einstein and Michele Besso Correspondence 1903-1955’, ed
Ueber spezielle und allgemeine Relativitaetstheorie, 127
Briefwechsel [zwischen] Albert Einstein und Arnold Sommerfeld: sechzig Briefe aus dem goldenen Zeitalter der modernen Physik
Sources of Quantum Mechanics
Collected Scientific Papers in Four Volumes
Mein Weltbild, 1934
Relatività, Boringhieri
Teoria relativitáţii
Uber die spezielle und die allgemeine Relativitätstheorie,(Vieweg, Braunshweig, 1920); PG Bergmann
Investigations on the Theory of the Brownian Movement: DoverPublications. com
The relativity of simultaneity
Generalization of gravitation theory
De mis últimos años
A. Einstein, Can. J. Math. 2, 120 (1950)
Il significato della relatività
Out of My Later Years. New York: Philosophical Library
Einstein’s Reply to criticisms
A. Einstein, Ann. Math. 46, 578 (1945)
Letter to President Roosevelt
B. Ho mann and L. Infeld
A. Einstein and N. Rosen, Phys. Rev. 49, 404 (1936)
The World As I See It, translated by A
Relativity, thermodynamics and cosmology
Preface in Where is science going? by Max Planck
Mein Glaubensbekenntnis
Riemann-geometrie mit aufrechterhaltung des begriffes des fernparallelismus, Preussische Akademie der Wissenschaften, Phys.-math
Zur Enthüllung von Ernst Machs Denkmal
Emil Warburg als Forscher
Sidelights on Relativity, trans
Geometrie und Erfahrung: erweiterte Fassung des Festvortrages, gehalten an der Preussischen Akademie für Wissenschaften zu Berlin, am 27.1. 1921
Sulla teoria speciale e generale della relativita:(volgarizzazione)
Relativity, the Speial and the General Throry, a Popular Exposition By
Einstein on his theory
Prinzipien der Forschung
Teoria quantistica dell’irraggiamento
Antwort auf eine Abhandlung M. v. Laues „Ein Satz der Wahrscheinlichkeitsrechnung und seine Anwendung auf die Strahlungstheorie” ︁
Theoretische Atomistik
Antwort auf eine Bemerkung von J. Stark:„Über eine Anwendung des Planckschen Elementargesetzes…” ︁
és Rosen, N.(1935): Can Quantum Mechanical Description of Physical Reality be Considered Complete
Relativity, The Special and General Theory (Crown, New York) 1961
National Bladder Cancer Collaborative Group (1984) Cisplastin and full dose irradiation for patients with invasive bladder carcinoma: a preliminary report of tolerance and …
Fiziğin Evrimi
Elementary considerations on the interpretation of the foundations of quantum mechanics
Source text 1920: Ether and the Theory of Relativity
Eine ableitung des theorems von Jacobi
Sobre o princípio da relatividade e suas implicações
Cuvinte memorabile
Translations of Einstein papers by Unzicker, A. & Case, T
¿ Qué es la teoría de la relatividad?
No Time to be Brie, f
Mein Weltbild, ed
A case for a* search
Einstein sagt
Letter to PS Epstein, 10 November 1945, extract from D. Howard
Oeuvres choisies, éd. par F
Zur Elektrodynamik bewegter Körper, in “Annalen der Physic”, 17
Fisica e realtà, in “A
El sentimiento cósmico religioso
Ciencia y religión
La Mecánica de Newton y su Influencia en el Desarrollo de la Física Teórica
Sidelights on Relativity,(1922)
Lettres sur la Parall elisme Absolue 1929 {1932, edited by R
Fundamental ideas and methods of relativity theory, presented in their development
Grundzüge der Relativitätstheorie (1922)
The Meaning of
Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems. Ptolemaic and Copernican; Translated by Stillman Drake, Foreword by Albert Einstein
Sammlung wissenschaftlicher Abhandlungen
Ueber die spezielle und allgerneine Relativitiitstheorie
Mc2 (1946) Ideas and Opinions
Ideas and opinions (trans and revisions by Sonja Bargmann.) New York
Sitzungsber. K. Preuss. Akad. Wiss. 142 (1917), The Principle of Relativity
In a letter to Robert A
Bertrand Russel und das philosophische Denken
From the philosophy of Bertrand Russell
The library of living philosophers
A. Einstein, J. Franklin Inst. 221, 349 (1936)
On The Method Of Theoretical Physics-The Herbert Spencer lecture, delivered at Oxford, June 10, 1933, Mein Weitbild
Herbert Spencer Lecture
Der gegenwärtige Stand der Relativitätstheorie...
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Hans Reichenbach: Philosophie der Raum-Zeit-Lehre
Formal Relationship of the Riemannian Curvature Tensor to the Field Equations of Gravity
Quantentheorie des einatomigen idealen Gases. Zweite Abhandlung (Quantum theory of monatomic ideal gases, part two)
Quantentheorie des idealen gases, preussische akademie des wissenschaften
Sitzungsber. Preuss. Akad. Wiss. 1924, 261; ibid. 1925, 3; SN Bose
The Principle of Relativity; a Collection of the Original Papers on the Special and General Theory of Relativity
Einstein and the Philosophies of Kant and Mach
The general theory of relativity
On the Idea of Time in Physics
Considerations on the Universe as a Whole
The Aether and Relativity Theory
Berl. Ber., p. 448 (1918)
ber die spezielle und die allgemeine Relativit? tstheorie
Kosmologische und relativitatstheorie
Die Feldgleichungun der Gravitation Sitzungsberichte der Preussischen Akademie der Wissenschaften
Antwort auf eine Replik Paul Harzers (Nr. 4753, S. 10 und 11)
Verh. d. deutsch. phys
Gravitationstheorie
Bemerkung zu Abrahams vorangehender Auseinandersetzung „Nochmals Relativität und Gravitation” ︁
A relation between the elastic behavior and the specific heat of solid bodies with monatomic molecules
The Development of Our Views on the Composition and Essence of Radiation
A New Determination of Molecule Dimension
Berichtigung zur Abhandlung:„Über die elektromagnetischen Grundgleichungen für bewegte Körper” ︁
Einstein's comprehensive 1907 essay on relativity, part I. English translations in Am
reprinted 1956. On the theory of Brownian movement
ON A HEURISTIC VIEWPOINT OF THE CREATION AND MODIFICATION OF LIGHT
Einheitliche Fieldtheorie von Gravitation and Electrizidät, Sitzungsberichte der Preussischen Akademie Wissebsgaften, Mathematischn–Naturwissenschaftliche Klasse.(1925) 414–419 …
The Meaning of Relativity (Princeton, 1953), Appendix 2
Mi visión del mundo
Einstein's quote s
Seelenverwandte: der Briefwechsel zwischen Albert Einstein und Heinrich Zangger (1910-1947)
Association between Ed Crowding and Inpatient Length of Stay: 509
On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies, June 30, 1905
Geometrie und Erfahrung
Theoretical remark on the superconductivity of metals
Albert Einstein to Max Born
14, 517 (2005).
Annalen Phys. 49, 769-822 (1916)
Física i realitat i altres escrits filosòfics
On the development of our concepts of the nature and constitution of radiation
The Berlin Years: Correspondence, January 1919-April 1920
Querido profesor Einstein: correspondencia entre Albert Einstein y los niños
Elementary derivation of the equivalence of mass and energy
La teoria de la relativitat, i altres textos
Peer-review Bias Regarding Circumcision in American Medical Publishing
J. Franklin Inst., quoted by MS El Naschie
Ewolucja fizyki: rozwój poglądów od najdawniejszych pojęć do teorii względności i kwantów
Teoria względności i inne eseje
Mein Weltbild, hg. von C
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Vol. 2, The Swiss Years: Writings, 1900–1909 (English Translation Supplement)
In J. Stachel, et al
Grundzüge der Relativitätstheorie (Nachdruck)
Randomized controlled trial of cisplatin (DDP) following preoperative radiotherapy plus radical cystectomy (RT+ RCy) for invasive bladder carcinoma: A national bladder cancer …
De mi vida y mi pensamiento
Mis creencias
Principios de física teórica
Aether and the theory of relativity. 1920. Translated in: Sidelights on Relativity
as quoted in A. Pais
Ideas and Opinions, transl. by Sonja Bergmann, Crown, New-York, 1954
Special Theory of Relativity
Physik und Realitat (1936)
Naturwissenschaft und Religion. Teil II (1941)
Textos fundamentais da física moderna
Relativiteit
CVM chemotherapy for small cell lung carcinoma
A ascensão do conceito mecânico
I fondamenti della relatività
Aphorisms for Leo Baeck
Four Conferences on the Theory of Relativity Made to the University of Princeton, translated from German to English by M
Letter to Karl Popper
El universo y el doctor Einstein
Principles of Scientific Research."
Quoted in: MacDonald DKC
Relativity. The special and the general relativity
Introductions on the theory of the Brownian muvement
Investigations on the Theory of Brownian Motion. Edited with notes by R. FuÈ rth
Investigations on The Theory of the Brownian Motion, ed. by R
Cultural philosophy as method and venture
Science and Religion, in “Out of My Later Years”
Investigation on the theory of the Brownian motion Furth R (editor) Dover New York USA
Old Man's Advice to Youth:'Never Lose a Holy Curiosity
Sonja Bargmann, translator
Sur le Problème Cosmologique—Théorie de la Gravitetion Généralisée
Supplement to Appendix II [of The Meaning of Relativity].
Remarques préliminaires sur les concepts fondamentaux
Sitzungberichte der Preussischen Akademie der Wissenschaften (1917)
Minkowski
Gravitation
Autobiographical notes in Albert Einstein: Philosopher-Scientist,(ed.) PA Schilpp
1979
Telegram sent to prominent Americans, 23 May. Reprinted in
Sitzungsberichte der Preussische Akademie der Wissenschaften (1925) 414
Appendix to the 2nd edn. of
A evolução da Fisica: de Newton até à teoria dos quanta
Our debt to Zionism
Physical Review, 48, 73
Fundamentos elementales de la equivalencia de masa y Energía
The Religiousness of Science
Preface to Max Planck, Where is Science going
On the Method of Theoretical Physics... The Herbert Spencer Lecture... 1933
Sitzungsberichte der Akademie der Wissenschaften in Wien, 8, 522
A. Einstein, RC Tolman, and B. Podolsky, Phys. Rev. 37, 780 (1931).
On the occasion of the three hundredth anniversary of Kepler's death
Riemannian geometry with maintaining the notion of distant parallelism
Sitzungsber. AdW Berlin
Liber amicorvm Romain Rolland
Quantentheorie des einatomigen idealen Gases: Abhandlung 2
Antwort auf eine Bemerkung von W. Anderson
Does the inertia of a body depend upon its energy-content? The Principle of Relativity
Annalen der Physik 35 898
The Principle of Relativity: Original Papers
Relativity, the Special and General Theory (Methuen, London)
A $ ther und Relativita (tstheorie
Inwiefern läßt sich die moderne Gravitationstheorie ohne die Relativität begründen
Prinzipien der Forschung: Rede zum 60. Geburtstag von Max Planck
VERH DEUTSCH PHYS GES BERLIN
SB preusa
Sitzungsber. Preuss. Acad. Wiss. 47, 831 (1915)
A. Einstein, Sitzungsber. Preuss. Akad. Berlin II, 831 (1915)
Zur Theorie der Gravitation
Thermodynamic proof of the law of photochemical equivalence
On a theorem of the probability calculus and its application to the theory of radiation
Bemerkungen zu unserer Arbeit:„Über die elektromagnetischen Grundgleichungen für bewegte Körper” ︁
On the development of our understanding of the nature and composition of radiation
Physik17, 549 (1905)
Investigations on the Theory of Brownian Movement, translated by AD Cowper Dover, New York, 1956. 11 P. Langevin,“Sur la Theorie du Mouvement Brownien,”
分子の大きさの新決定法, アインスタイン全集, 第 3 巻, 改造社
A new analysis of molecule dimensions
Eine neue Bestimmung der Moleküldimensionen (Inaugural Dissertation, Zürich Universität)
Un point de vue heuristique concernant la production et la transformation de la lumière
Elementare Oberlegungen zur Interpretation der Grundlagen der Quatten-Mechanik. In “Scientific Papers, presented to Max Born”, 1953
Die Grundlage der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie Annalen der Physik
Autobiographical Notes: A Centennial
Mis creencias Título original: Meine Überzeugungen; trad
Mi credo humanista; trad. y sel
Relativity, The Special, The General Theory (Chicago, 1951)
de-Sitter, W.(1932): On the relation between the expansion and mean density of the universe
Mein Weltbild, Herausgegeben von Carl Seelig, Neue, vom Verfasser durchgesehene und wesentlich erweiterte Auflage
Out of My Later Years (New York, 1950)
Krieg als Krankheit
The Cosmic View of Albert Einstein
Letters on Wave Mechanics: Correspondence with HA Lorentz, Max Planck, and Erwin Schrödinger
Perché la guerra?(1932): Considerazioni attuali sulla guerra e la morte (1915); Caducità (1915)
Efficacy of a Multicomponent Intervention for Smoking Cessation in Adult Ed Patients: 77
Kinetische Theorie des Wärmegleichgewichtes und des zweiten Hauptsatzes der Thermodynamik [AdP 9, 417 (1902)]
Einstein's Violin a Conductor's Notes on Music, Physics, and Social Change
Así lo veo yo
On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies'
¿ Por qué socialismo?
Cómo implementar un Programa de Gestión del Conocimiento
Il carteggio tra Albert Einstein ed Edouard Guillaume: tempo universale e teoria della relatività ristretta nella filosofia francese contemporanea
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 6: The Berlin Years: Writings, 1914-1917
La teoria della relatività
Einstein: mijn theorie: over de speciale en de algemene relativiteitstheorie
Essential Einstein
Œuvres choisies. T. 5, Science, éthique, philosophie
Science, éthique, philosophie
Idee e opinioni: come io vedo il mondo
El mundo tal como yo lo veo
Correspondances françaises
Some strangeness in the proportion: a centennial symposium to celebrate the achievements of Albert Einstein
Notas autobiográficas
Sein Einfluß auf Physik, Philosophie und Politik
Comment on Meyerson’s ‘La Déduction Relativiste’
Antiserum to a soluble lymphoid membrane preparation stimulates human leukocyte DNA synthesis
Albert Einstein/Arnold Sommerfeld: Briefwechsel: sechzig Briefe aus dem goldenen Zeitalter der modernen Physik
Propagation of sound in partly dissociated gases
Teoria relativitatii
Helle Zeit, dunkle Zeit: in memoriam Albert Einstein
HA Lorentz als Schöpfer und als Persönlichkeit
Hamilton's principle and the general theory of relativity
Social responsibility in science
The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists
Los fundamentos de la geometría
Demostración de la no existencia de campos gravitacionales sin singularidades de masa total no nula
A evolução da Física: o desenvolvimento das ideias desde os primitivos conceitos até a relatividade e aos quanta
Why Do They Hate the Jews
Builders of the Universe: From the Bible to the Theory of Relativity
Living Philosophies
About Zionism;.
Albert Einstein: A Biographical Portrait
Die Energiestufen des idealen einatomigen Gasmodells
Eine einfache Anwendung des Newtonschen Gravitationsgesetzes auf die kugelförmigen Sternhaufen
Aether und Relativitäts-theory, Berlin: J
Los fundamentos de la teoría de la gravitación de Einstein
Relativity and Gravitation. Reply to a Comment by M. Abraham
Some Arguments for the Assumption of Molecular Agitation at Absolute Zero
A. Einstein, Ann. Phys.(Leipzig) 34, 591 (1911).
Bemerkung zu der Arbeit von D. Mirimanoff „Über die Grundgleichungen…” ︁
Über die thermodynamischen Theorie der Potentialdifferenz zwischen Metallen unvollständig dissociirten Lösungen ihrer Salze und über eine elektrische Methode zur Erforschung …
Investigations on the Theory of the Brownian Movement (Courier Corporation, 1956)
Why socialism?
Importance of experimental validation of pharmacophore based virtual screening of compound databases
Die Gestirne und die Weltgeschichte: Gedanken über Raum, Zeit und Ewigkeit
Teoria relativităţii pe înţelesul tuturor
On special and general relativity theory. 24
The Problem of Space, Ether, and the Field in Physics (1934)
Ecuador y America Latina: el socialismo del Siglo XXI
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. vol. 10, The Berlin years: correspondence, May-December 1920 and supplementary correspondence, 1909-1920
Kritisches zu einer von Hrn. De Sitter gegebenen Lösung der Gravitationsgleichungen
Sobre o teorema quântico de Sommerfeld e de Epstein
Die Nordströmsche Gravitationstheorie vom Standpunkt des absoluten Differentialkalküls [AdP 44, 321 (1914)]
Die plancksche theorie der strahlung und die theorie der spezifischen wärme [adp 22, 180 (1907)]
Measuring Poverty: The Prominent and Alternative Indicators
Einstein's miraculous year: Five papers that changed the face of physics
On Boltzmann’s principle and some immediate consequences thereof
Albert Einstein: Ingenieur des Universums. Dokumente eines Lebensweges. Documents of a life's pathway
Einstein 1905: un año milagroso: cinco artículos que cambiaron la física
Cien años de relatividad: los artículos clave de 1905 y 1906 de Albert Einstein
Religión y ciencia
Introduction to DEs
Albert Einstein–Biography
Selected passages on Machian ideas
Autobiografía y escritos científicos
Lettres d'amour et de science
Uber den Ather, Schweizerische Naturforschende Gesellschaft Verhanflungen, 105, 85 (1924); English translation by Simon Saunders: On the Ether
Le pouvoir nu: propos sur la guerre et la paix: 1914-1955
Ecrits politiques
Mijn kijk op het leven: Verzamelde teksten 1914-1933/uit het Duits vertaald door Hanneke Beneden en Ab Bertholet
Zur Elektrodynamik Bewekter Korper
2 EFFECTS OF REFEEDING ON BODY HABITUS IN MALNOURISHED ADOLESCENTS WITH ANOREXIA NERVOSA
Kann man die quantenmechanische Beschreibung der physikalischen Wirklichkeit als vollständig betrachten?(1935)
Einstein Returns
The law
Elie Cartan-Albert Einstein, lettres sur le parallélisme absolu: 1929-1932
Albert Einstein: autobiographical notes
COMBINED MODALITY THERAPY IN ADVANCED, DIFFUSE NON-HODGKINS LYMPHOMA (NHL)-2 AND 1/2 YEAR FOLLOW-UP
Marrow transplantation for acute leukemia in man
Correspondance, 1903-1955: Traduction, Notes Et Introduction de Pierre Speziali
Briefwechsel 1916-1955 [von] Albert Einstein [und] Hedwig und Max Born: Kommentiert von Max Born
Einstein und Smoluchowski: Zur Geschichte der Brownschen Bewegung und der Opaleszenz
Letters on Wave Mechanics: Schrödinger, Planck, Einstein, Lorentz
L'evoluzione della fisica: sviluppo delle idee dai concetti iniziali alla relatività e ai quanti
Evoljucija fiziki
Evolutsiya fiziki
Sir Isaac Newton
The Meaning of Relativity
Lettres à Solovine
Quatre conférences sur la théorie de la relativité
Ideas and opinions: based on Mein Weltbild ed. by Carl Seelig and other sources
The Principle of
On the abolition of the threat of war
Sur l'état actuel de la théorie générale de la gravitation
Autobiographical Notes
Modern geometry and the theory of relativity
Comment je vois le monde. Traduit par le colonel Cros
Lettre à Freud
God and the Universe: Eddington, Jeans, Huxley, & Einstein
Gelegentliches von Albert Einstein
The establishment of an international bureau of meteorology
La teoría de la relatividad: al alcance de todos
Zum hundertjährigen Gedenktag von Lord Kelvins Geburt. 26. Juni 1824
Kant und Einstein; Untersuchungen uber das Verhaltnis der modernen Erkenntnistheorie zur Relativitatstheorie
Bemerkung zu der Notiz von W. Anderson» Eine neue Erklärung des kontinuierlichen Koronaspektrums «
Ist die Trägheit eines Körpers von seinem Energiegehalt abhängig?
Sidelights on Relativity... I. Ether and Relativity. II. Geometry and Experience. Translated by GB Jeffery, D. Sc., and W. Perrett
Bases physiques d'une théorie de la gravitation
Einstein, A., 1907b, Ann. Phys.(Leipz.) 22, 800
Kinetische Theorie des Warmegleichgewichtes und des zweiten Hauptsatzes der Thermodynamik
Maslow's hierarchy of needs
Matemáticas y TIC. Ambientes virtuales de aprendizaje en clase de matemáticas
SAFEGUARDS, NON-PROLIFERATION AND PEACEFUL NUCLEAR ENERGY
Propuesta de alternativas hacia una producción sostenible de la caña de azúcar en la zona azucarera de Colombia
We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Sidelights on Relativity (Illustrated Edition)
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Raum und Zeit in der vorrelativistischen Physik
The show
Fundamental ideas and problems of the theory of relativity: lecture delivered to the Nordic assembly of naturalists at Göteborg on July 11, 1923
Neue Möglichkeit für eine einheitliche Feldtheorie von Gravitation und Elektrizität
Physiological Consequences of Guided Imagery
Teoria quântica do gás ideal monoatômico: segundo tratado
Zur allgemeinen molekularen Theorie der Wärme [AdP 14, 354 (1904)]
Zur theorie der brownschen bewegung [adp 19, 371 (1906)]
Elementare Betrachtungen über die thermische Molekularbewegung in festen Körpern [AdP 35, 679 (1911)]
Berichtigung zu meiner Arbeit:„Eine neue Bestimmung der Moleküldimensionen” ︁ [AdP 34, 591 (1911)]
Eine Theorie der Grundlagen der Thermodynamik [AdP 11, 170 (1903)]
5 prac, które zmieniły oblicze fizyki
Einstein: sto godina relativnosti
Varför krig?: en brevväxling
The Role Played by Mach's Ideas in the Genesis of the General Theory of Relativity
Einstein 1905: un año milagroso
Studies of the topology of organic anion transporting polypeptide 1 (Oatp1) by assessment of N-linked glycosylation sites.
Teaching Via the Web: A Self-Evaluation Game Using Java for Learning Logical Equivalence.
Culture must be one of the foundations for world understanding'.
Strahlungs-Emission und-Absorption nach der Quantentheorie
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 5: The Swiss Years: Correspondence, 1902-1914.(English translation supplement). A. Beck, trans
Phase II trial of amonafide in advanced colorectal cancer: a SouthWest Oncology Group study.
Moja teorija
Cartas a Mileva
Correspondance:" Pourquoi la guerre?"
Albert Einstein
The Early Years 1879-1902
Relativiteit: speciale en algemene theorie
Einstein: a portrait
Albert Einstein: historical and cultural perspectives: the centennial symposium in Jerusalem
A descrição da realidade física fornecida pela mecânica quântica pode ser considerada completa
Pensieri degli anni difficili
Albert Einstein über den Frieden: Weltordnung oder Weltuntergang?
Textos fundamentais de física moderna
POLITICAL ENSLAVEMENT OF SCIENTIST
Zitate
HL-A specific heterologous antisera prepared against solubilized HL-A antigen
The Life and Times
Letter on the creative process
Briefwechsel 1916-1955: kommentiert von Max Born; Geleitwort von Bertrand Russell; Vorw. von Werner Heisenberg
My Views
Out of My Later Life
Filosofia e relatività
Lo scorrimento della crosta terrestre
Briefe zur Wellenmechanik
The Lorentz transformation
Field theories, old and new
O significado da relatividade: com a teoria relativista do campo não simétrico
Três Personagens: Einstein-Fleming-Roosevelt
The Meaning of Relativity: Including the Generalization of Gravitation Theory, by Albert Einstein
Problem och perspektiv
Life and letters
Albert Einstein als philosoph und naturforscher
My attitude to quantum theory
A Message to the World Congress of Intellectuals
Theodore von Kármán Anniversary Volume: Contributions to Applied Mechanics and Related Subjects
Oorlog als ziekte
Memorial to Dr. David Eder
Einstein: Ether and Relativity
y Nathan Rosen
Può essere considerata completa-la descrizione che ci dà della Realtà Fisica la meccanica quantistica?
Les fondements de la théorie de la relativité générale. Théorie unitaire de la gravitation et de l'electricité. Sur la structure cosmologique de l'espace.
The origins of the general theory of relativity.: Being the 1st lecture on the George A. Gibson foundation in the University of Glasgow delivered on June 20th, 1933.
On academic freedom
Relativitätstheorie in mathematischer Behandlung... Autorisierte, mit Zusätzen und Erläuterungen versehene Ubersetzung
L'évidence de la théorie de Einstein
Living Leaders: Judged by Christian Standards
La teoría de la relatividad especial y general al alcance de todos
Einstein's Theories of Relativity and Gravitation: A Selection of Material from the Essays Submitted in the Competition for the Eugene Higgins Prize of $5,000
Prospettive relativistiche dell'etere e della geometria
Politische Ideale
The Theory of Special Relativity
The General Theory of Relativity (continued)
Relativity: The Special & the General History; a Popular Exposition
Kommentar zu" Hermann Weyl: Gravitation und Elektrizität"
Besprechung von" A. Einstein: Die Grundlage der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie"
A new formal interpretation of Maxwell's field equations of Electrodynamics
Einstein, Albert
De l’influence de la gravitation sur la propagation de la lumière
Bemerkung zu meiner Arbeit:„Eine Beziehung zwischen dem elastischen Verhalten…” ︁
Mathematische Annalen
3 On a Heuristic Point of View about the Creatidn and Conversion of Light?
My faith
Einstein’s Letter
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 15 (Translation Supplement): The Berlin Years: Writings & Correspondence, June 1925–May 1927
Pensamiento, realidad y conciencia humana
Teorija relativnosti
Art Connections
Über die spezielle Relativitätstheorie
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function
“The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them”.
Zu Kaluzas Theorie des Zusammenhanges von Gravitation und Elektrizität. Erste Mitteilung
Albert Einstein to Hedi and Max Born
Sobre o estado presente do problema da radiação
Sobre o desenvolvimento das nossas concepções sobre a natureza e a constituição da radiação
Folgerungen aus den Capillaritätserscheinungen [AdP 4, 513 (1901)]
Ist die Trägheit eines Körpers von seinem Energieinhalt abhängig?[AdP 18, 639 (1905)]
Über einen Satz der Wahrscheinlichkeitsrechnung und seine Anwendung in der Strahlungstheorie [AdP 33, 1096 (1910)]
Zur Theorie der Lichterzeugung und Lichtabsorption [AdP 20, 199 (1906)]
Theorie der Opaleszenz von homogenen Flüssigkeiten und Flüssigkeitsgemischen in der Nähe des kritischen Zustandes [AdP 33, 1275 (1910)]
Über eine Methode zur Bestimmung des Verhältnisses der transversalen und longitudinalen Masse des Elektrons [AdP 21, 583 (1906)]
Über die vom Relativitätsprinzip geforderte Trägheit der Energie [AdP 23, 371 (1907)]
Antwort auf eine Abhandlung Mv Laues „Ein Satz der Wahrscheinlichkeitsrechnung und seine Anwendung auf die Strahlungstheorie” ︁ [AdP 47, 879 (1915)]
Albert Einstein to Moritz Schlick
¿ Depende la inercia de un cuerpo de su contenido de energía?
El socialismo en una época de transición
The Concept of the Potential Energy Surface
The Cold War
James Clerk Maxwell
The Plural Commons: Meeting the Future of English Studies
Friedrich Wilhelm Foerster und Albert Einstein: Briefwechsel von 1935 bis 1954
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol 6, The Berlin years: writings, 1914-1917:[English translation]
Einstein: veselje do razmišljanja
Albert Einstein-Genie mit Widersprüchen
The Swiss Years: Writings, 1912-1914
Why socialism?
Ueber einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes betreffenden heuristischen Gesichtspunkt (from Annalen der Physik 1905)
Worte in Zeit und Raum
VM-26 in colorectal carcinoma: A Southwest Oncology Group study
La mecánica de Newton y su influencia sobre la física teorética
Comments on the Work of Friedmann
592 Is Aids Transmitted Horizontally?
Thermodynamik
1510 Long Term Hemodialysis (hd) In Children And Adolescents
The Joys of Research
4000 RAD preoperative irradiation followed by prompt radical cystectomy for invasive bladder carcinoma: A prospective study of patient tolerance and pathologic-down staging
Parliamentary Debates: House of Commons
Wissenschaft unter dem Gesetz der Freiheit
Scientific Correspondence with Bohr, Einstein, Heisenberg and Others...: 1919-1929
Elie Cartan, Albert Einstein
Statistische Mechanik
CVM CHEMOTHERAPY FOR SMALL CELL LUNG CARCINOMA
INTENSIVE REMISSION INDUCTION IN ADULT NON-LYMPHOBLASTIC ACUTE-LEUKEMIA
The Inadequacy of Classical Models of Aether
T CELL-MEDIATED SYNGENEIC ADOPTIVE IMMUNOTHERAPY OF A FRIEND LEUKEMIA
Suppression of established cellular immunity in mice by drugs
Correspondance: Trad. notes et introd. de Pierre Speziali
Collected Writings, 1901-1956: Index
Política y pacifismo
Lettres a Maurice Solovine: reprod. en facsimilé et trad. en française: avec une introduction et trois photographies
L'Heure H at-elle sonné pour le monde?: effets accumulatifs des explosions nucléaires. Précédé d'un Message de Albert Einstein
Eminent American Scientists Give Their Views on American Visa Policy
Über die moralische Verpflichtung des Wissenschaftlers: Ein Brief an den 43. Kongreß der Societa Italiana per il Progresso della Scienza in Lucca
``EXPECTATIONS of a Definite Form''
Dr. Albert Einstein and American Colleagues, 1931
A Letter from Albert Einstein
The Militarization of America: A Report
La nueva teoría del campo
Über den Einfluß der Schwerkraft auf die Ausbreitung des Lichtes
Zur Abwehr
Äther und Relativitätstheorie: Rede uitgesproken bij de aanvaarding van het ambt van bijzonder hoogleerar aan de Rijks-Universiteit te Leiden
A Derivation of Jacobi's Theorem
Bemerkungen zu der Arbeit von D. Mirimanoff:" Über die Grundgleichungen..."
M. Planck. Vorlesungen uber die theorie der Warmestrahlung (222 S. M 7,800. Leipzig, JA Barth, 1906)
FEVER IN THE WORLD OF THE MIND
PERSPECTIVE TAKING
A first helicopter view
Alfredo Moser: Bottle Light Inventor Proud to Be Poor
The Travel Diaries of Albert Einstein: The Far East, Palestine, and Spain, 1922-1923
A helicopter view
Hay una fuerza motriz más poderosa que el vapor, la electricidad y la energía atómica: la voluntad
Why war? An exchange of letters between Freud and Einstein
Human and nature dynamics (HANDY): modeling inequality and use of resources in the collapse or sustainability of societies
PTSD: Horror in the Mind: the psychology of post-traumatic stress disorder, and the ethical way to lift it
Neural Locus of Color Afterimages
SECTION 3.4 WHY A GENE-BASED DISEASE CLASSIFICATION IS A BAD IDEA
Cohen, MD, 193 Commager, HS, 180, 181
Pathology of Imprisonment
Rozważania kosmologiczne na temat ogólnej teorii względności
Fundamentals of infrared–A review
Innovación, gobierno corporativo y gobernanza en la empresa de base tecnológica, fundamentos para el desarrollo local en México
The Role of Spirituality in Integrative Preventive Medicine The Postmaterialist Paradigm
RECALAGE D’IMAGESÉCHOGRAPHIQUES 2D-3D POUR LA NAVIGATION DE PROSTATE
Colm Tóibín explains how he circled around Nora Webster for a decade
Playing: its theoretical status in the clinical situation
Wilhelm KRULL & Antje TEPPERWIEN
Untitled: HD. 3C. 029
Symposium on Narrative” and “Poets Theater
How Picasso who called all women goddesses or doormats drove his lovers to despair
The theory of the parent–infant relationship
Reunificación Alemana: Aproximación a las consecuencias económicas y sociales para los Länder orientales.” Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Papeles del Este, N
Pivotal moments in the therapeutic relationship
Toward a theory of learned hopefulness: a structural model analysis of participation and empowerment
THE IDEA IS THE THING: SCIENCE PLAYS AFTER COPENHAGEN TERESA BOTELHO
Investigating self-regulation and motivation: Historical background, methodological developments, and future prospects
Human Readiness to Throw: The Size–Weight Illusion Is Not an Illusion When Picking the Best Objects to Throw
The Methods and Postulates of ‘Behaviorism’
Scientific explanation
The need for a learning line for spatial thinking using GIS in education
A Possible Chemo-biodescriptor Framework for the Prediction of Toxicity of Nanosubstances: An Integrated Computational Approach
Bohr’s Diaphragms
Quote of the Month
Les sautes d'humour d'Albert Einstein
Les agricultures du monde face au dérèglement du climat
d’Alembert, JB, 65 Angström, JA, 11 Baker, B., 73, 119 Bessel, FW, 3
This work is dedicated to my supportive family.
Some musings on our labor’s meaning and the legacy of our departing friends; on who, why, and how we should publish obituaries
the Creation and Conversion of Lightf
The method of anarchy
Façade integrated photobioreactors for building energy efficiency
Laguerre Transforms
Using clinical audit to improve transfusion practice
THE SIMPLE LIFE
Address of the President of the United States before a Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives, Recommending Assistance to Greece and Turkey
The Myth of Consistent Skepticism: The Cautionary Case of Albert Einstein
4.13. A Brief Biographical Sketch
Can gravitational waves predispose neuro-cardiovascular circadian rhythms?
To Lieserl Einstein
¿ Por qué el socialismo?
Para humillación del hombre científico
La influencia de Maxwell en el desarrollo de la concepción de lo físico-real
De la libertad de enseñanza
One scientific epoch ended and another began with James Clerk Maxwell
Scribal Training in Ancient Egypt
Lettere d'amore
IS THERE A PLACE IN THE FIELDS OF LINGUISTICS AND CREOLISTICS FOR INTUITIVE AND SPIRITUAL KNOWLEDGE? CÁNDIDA GONZÁLEZ-LÓPEZ
Suidde of psychiatric inpatients 1970–1993 in Baden-Württemberg, Germany
The Party Polarization and Issue Complexity Theory of Dyadic Representation
Kuchera-Morin, J., xvi, 16 Kuivila, R., 344
2013 world hunger and poverty facts and statistics
Seeing and Hearing Meaning: ERP and fMRI Evidence of Word versus Picture Integration into a Sentence Context
The Digital Einstein Papers: The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, from
The maternal in psychoanalysis: From mind/body to body/mind
RE-THINKING PSYCHOTHERAPY
THINKING ABOUT EMOTIONS
Joyce’s Square Wheel, Le Sinthome, and “the Babbling Pumpt of Platinism”
The fundamental conflict with psycho-analysis
Sobre la teoría generalizada de la gravitación: artículo publicado por albert Einstein en SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, vol. 182, n. º 4, abril de 1950
Prisma Cervantes Robert Gurwell Philosophy 1301 3/14/2015
The Berlin Years: Writings & Correspondence, April 1923-May 1925; English Translation of Selected Texts
Innovative Community-Engaged Learning Projects: From Chemical Reactions to Community Interactions
Einstein Centenary Series Fall 2015
Testing relativity again, laser, laser, laser, laser
Aims and design of the study
An ecological worldview
THE SHAPE OF THINGS AND OF THINGS TO COME
Don’t Just Say “No” When Faced with Rules and Policies
Unbundling Property in Water
Experiments in Animal Magnetism
Long term psychological and physiological consequences of trauma in childhood revisited: Implications for the group therapist’s use of methods and styles of leadership
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Awards and Honors
DER UNTERSUCHUNG
SCHLÜSSELWÖRTER DER EINGANGSSEQUENZEN
The Nature of the Universe
Llamamiento a los europeos
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
Marginal Men of Industry: The Foremen
How to format a thesis correctly and meet deadlines
Undertaking Credible and Ethical Research
Analysing Qualitative Data
Remaining Problems in Marine Conservation
Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Calgary, Agreed Statement of Facts
The mandatory adoption of IFRS and the informativeness of annual earnings announcements
Just Six Questions
306 Prevention and Early Intervention
Préjugés et fausses idées sur l’immigration et les immigrés, vecteurs de discrimination en matière d’accès à l’emploi
The ElectroMechanical Diversity of the Parallel Universe
Test your knowledge and skills
Investigations Stimulated
El experimento de Compton¿ Es la ciencia un fin en sí mismo?
Conservation of Isotopic Spin and Isotopic Gauge Invariance.
Inventing racism
New orientations in epilepsy
SCOTT MAISANO
Robin Hood
Introduction to Computational Intelligence
The Truth and Nothing
chanics that a phase space reconstruction of the quantum statistics is ex
EINSTEIN/YANG-MILLS EQUATIONS
A mentalizáló közösségek fejlő déslélektani megközelítése
Luigi Chiariello, Paolo Nardi and Giovanni Alfonso Chiariello
Alessio Marinelli and Domenico Corrado
Marco Piciche
Sense, Meaning and Interpretation
James Clerk Maxwell: A Commemoration
Prologue: Physics for Poets
4.13. A Brief Biographical Sketch Einstein was born in Germany on March 14, 1879. He was thought to have little scholastic ability, and in addition, was believed to be …
Introduction to the Theory of Information
One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one’s own ever …
of the paper
Einstein in Western Maryland
Mathematics and Software Design
Theodore M. Matson Memorial Award: The Connected World’s Impact on Transportation?
Overcoming the Rational Mind
The Early History and Legacy of the Minnesota Parent~ Child Longitudinal
On Becoming a Therapist: Helping Clients Try “My Own Therapy”
Mind and Body A System Approach
Albert Einstein about the study of science
Thus Spoke Einstein on Life and Living
Japanese mission overshoots Venus orbit
a BRIdge too FaR
Modeling Uncertainty: Concepts and Philosophies
Croce, Benedetto 265
Prueba autoridades
Poesía y Ciencia রবীন্দ্রনাথ ঠাকুর: Conversaciones entre Tagore y Einstein
Elder, CL, 245 Ellis, B., 245 Emmet, D., 253 Engel, E., 65
Comment: A skeptic of quantum theory explains his misgivings
No podemos resolver los problemas con la misma mentalidad con la que los creamos.
2 Physikalische Grundlagen
8 Zeitaufgelöste Untersuchungen am eukaryotischen Retinalprotein Channelrhodopsin-2
6 Bakteriorhodopsin als Referenzsystem
9 Beeinflussung der Dynamik archaealer Retinalproteine
7 Der Photozyklus des bakteriellen Proteorhodopsins
5 Tieftemperatur-Experimente
Robert Pepperell In art there is only one thing that counts: the thing you can’t explain. Georges Braque Too precise a meaning erases your mysterious literature.
Robert Pepperell
Works of Albert Einstein
Understanding and Conducting Supervision Research
Sự tiến hóa của vật lý
The Einstein Theory of Relativity: A Concise Statement by Prof HA Lorentz
Limits to Renewability
Holistic view of health and illness
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause …
Index des noms propres
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Data Analysis in Cosmology
Early Universe and Observational Cosmology
R ossGregoryoftenthinksabouttheone stunningeventthatmarked his otherwisewonderfultripwithformerclassmateEd SipostoDenmark. It was the day that there was a terror threat in the …
Davis, JE, 71,112, 135,139 Day, J., 167 Deci, EL, 56 De Ruyter, 62
Striving for Integrity in the Research Process
Taking the Leap into the Research World
Exploring the Relationship between Effective and Reflective Practice in Applied Sport Psychology
One Psychoanalysis or Many?
Types of Consequences
BIOMASS THROUGH TIME AS A TEST
Corruption in Post-Communist Europe: Immorality breedspoverty
The theory of the parent–infant relationship
Day, Graves, Savage, and Wald Elected to SSA Board of Directors
Foundations of relativity theory. 7
The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continual flight from wonder.
Challenges and Conclusion
Betrachtungen über die Welt als Ganzes
Einstein-Dialog per flauto in Do, in Sol, basso e ottavino (1 esecutore) e violoncello: 2005
THE CHALLENGE OF CREDIBLE INTELLIGENCE
Allgemeine Relativitätstheorie (Fortsetzung)
Albert Einstein 1879-1955: a Franklin D. Roosevelt
Social and Environmental Management
For and Against Religion Gebhard Lohr The religious views of Albert Einstein (1879-1955) have played an im-portant role in the debates about the relationship between science and
O conhecimento científico no nosso contexto social e histórico: um ano de realizações
Unpublished opening lecture for the course on the theory of relativity in Argentina, 1925
Synthesis of Organic-Inorganic Hybrid Silica Particles Containing an Octyl Moiety
Astronomical facts and fancies for philosophical thinkers
Michael I. Weintraub
Filosofia e politica nell’esilio: Alexandre Koyré, Jacques Maritain e l’Ecole Libre a New York
Systems Thinking: The Fifth Discipline of Learning Organizations By Marty Jacobs March 19, 2008
Vulnerability: a new view on schizophrenia
JAMMING IN THE STACKS: Music as a Progressive Librarian Ideal by Scott J. Simon
The Title of Your Dissertation
Manuscript template for the final preparation of the accepted paper (Times New Roman, Font 14)
MARIA E. TORRES-GUZMÄN
Ethics and Second-Order Cybernetics
La influencia de Maxwell en la evolución de la realidad fısica
Come membri della specie Uomo
Stochastic Calculus for General Markov SDEs: Space-Time Poisson, State-Dependent Noise, and Multidimensions
NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE SUCCESS
The Revolution That Didn’t happen
Mathematics physics
On the Relativity Problem
A field theory of gravitation in the framework of special relativity
Source text 1914: On the Relativity Problem
Source text 1913: On the Present State of the Problem of Gravitation
From heretical mechanics to a new theory of relativity
Overview of This Book
The Culture of the Indian Scientist
Complexity, guidelines and ethics Jim Price and Deborah Bowman
Brief therapy: focused problem resolution
La ciencia y la música actual exigen de un proceso de pensamiento homogéneo.
Leaves from Cos
Einstein's Zurich Notebook: Transcription and Facsimile
Space, Ether, and Field in Physics (1930)
Space-Time (1926)
Creative Stories: A Framework for Discovering Generative Narratives and New Ideas
Lieber Herr Einstein...: Albert Einstein beantwortet Post von Kindern
Societat Catalana de Física
Rediscovering older information
Cuestiones fundamentales de la física contemporánea
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Ericsson, KA, 256 Erzberger, H., 211
Averaging operators in turbulence
Origins, Boundaries, and Structures
Computational Stochastic Control Methods
Frases y citas
Gravitation: Einstein
Book Review: RELATIVITY: THE SPECIAL AND THE GENERAL THEORY/Penguin Classics, 2006
Quantum Mechanics/821 Gell-Mann, Murray. The Quark and the Jaguar: Adventures in the Simple and the Complex. New York: WH Freeman, 1994. Hawking, Stephen W. A Brief History of …
Albert Einstein in Leiden
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler
Respuesta a Kurt Gödel
Nauka I Społeczeństwo W Stulecie Szczególnej Teorii Względności Alberta Einsteina (1905-2005)
6. Epílogo: el futuro de la investigación cuantitativa
IO. ANEXO DOCUMENTAL. LAS DECLARACIONES DE BARBADOS
Simon C. Robson & Herbert Zimmermann
A COSMIC MUSE
Organization of the self as reflected in manifest dreams
I. STRUCTURA ȘTIINȚEI: TIPoLoGIA TEORIILOR
The Crimean Expedition
Discussion review:“Psychopathology and primitive mental states” by Robert Caper
Archivo de la Palabra I
InCertidumbre y relatividad: un hOmenaje
TEACHER WHO KNOWS HIS 5TH GRADERS WELL
un retrato multifacéticO
Thema: Warum Krieg?: Texte und Protokolle zum Briefwechsel Albert Einstein-Sigmund Freud
The Berlin Years: Correspondence, May-December 1920 and Supplementary Correspondence, 1909-192: English Translation of Selected Texts
Gedächtnisrede auf Karl Schwarzschild
Antrittsrede und Erwiderung von Max Planck am Leibniztag
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
Non-euclidean geometry and physics (1926)
Producing Research ‘Deliverables’
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Improving Syndrome Surveillance Case Definitions and Outcomes by Using Existing Data
Applying Cost-Benefit Theory to Public Health Syndrome Surveillance Programs
A Review of: “John Russell Silver, History of the Treatment of Spinal Injuries.” New York, Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic/Plenum Publishers, 2003. xvi +297 pp., ill …
Albert Einstein to Paul Ehrenfest
Über die Möglichkeit einer neuen Prüfung des Relativitätsprinzips [AdP 23, 197 (1907)]
Bemerkungen zu unserer Arbeit:„Über die elektromagnetischen Grundgleichungen für bewegte Körper” ︁ [AdP 28, 445 (1909)]
Über die elektromagnetischen Grundgleichungen für bewegte Körper [AdP 26, 532 (1908)]
Berichtigung zur Abhandlung:„Über die elektromagnetischen Grundgleichungen für bewegte Körper” ︁ [AdP 27, 232 (1908)]
Einige Argumente für die Annahme einer molekularen Agitation beim absoluten Nullpunkt [AdP 40, 551 (1913)]
Bemerkungen zu den P. Hertzschen Arbeiten:„Über die mechanischen Grundlagen der Thermodynamik” ︁ [AdP 34, 175 (1911)]
Thermodynamische Begründung des photochemischen Äquivalentgesetzes [AdP 37, 832 (1912)]
Bemerkung zu der Franz Seletyschen Arbeit „Beiträge zum kosmologischen System” ︁ [AdP 69, 436 (1922)]
Bemerkung zu meiner Arbeit:„Eine Beziehung zwischen dem elastischen Verhalten...” ︁ [AdP 34, 590 (1911)]
Zur Theorie des statischen Gravitationsfeldes [AdP 38, 443 (1912)]
Eine Beziehung zwischen dem elastischen Verhalten und der spezifischen Wärme bei festen Körpern mit einatomigem Molekül [AdP 34, 170 (1911)]
Statistische Untersuchung der Bewegung eines Resonators in einem Strahlungsfeld [AdP 33, 1105 (1910)]
Berichtigung zu meiner Arbeit:„Die Plancksche Theorie der Strahlung etc.” ︁ [AdP 22, 800 (1907)]
Das Prinzip von der Erhaltung der Schwerpunktsbewegung und die Trägheit der Energie [AdP 20, 627 (1906)]
Lichtgeschwindigkeit und Statik des Gravitationsfeldes [AdP 38, 355 (1912)]
Über Friedrich Kottlers Abhandlung „Über Einsteins Äquivalenzhypothese und die Gravitation” ︁ [AdP 51, 639 (1916)]
Über die Gültigkeitsgrenze des Satzes vom thermodynamischen Gleichgewicht und über die Möglichkeit einer neuen Bestimmung der Elementarquanta [AdP 22, 569 (1907)]
Prinzipielles zur allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie [AdP 55, 241 (1918)]
Bemerkung zu Abrahams vorangehender Auseinandersetzung „Nochmals Relativität und Gravitation” ︁ [AdP 39, 704 (1912)]
Über den Einfluß der Schwerkraft auf die Ausbreitung des Lichtes [AdP 35, 898 (1911)]
Bemerkungen zu der Notiz von Hrn. Paul Ehrenfest:„Die Translation deformierbarer Elektronen und der Flächensatz” ︁ [AdP 23, 206 (1907)]
Bemerkung zu dem Gesetz von Eötvös [AdP 34, 165 (1911)]
Bemerkung zu der Arbeit von D. Mirimanoff:„Über die Grundgleichungen...” ︁ [AdP 28, 885 (1909)]
Nachtrag zu meiner Arbeit:„Thermodynamische Begründung des photochemischen Äquivalentgesetzes” ︁ [AdP 38, 881 (1912)]
Antwort auf eine Bemerkung von J. Stark:„Über eine Anwendung des Planckschen Elementargesetzes...” ︁ [AdP 38, 888 (1912)]
Relativität und Gravitation. Erwiderung auf eine Bemerkung von M. Abraham [AdP 38, 1059 (1912)]
Albert Einstein to Heinrich Zangger
Seid herzlich gegrüsst, Euer A. Einstein
Book Review: on the Shoulders of Giants: Selections from the Principle of Relativity/Running Press, 2002
Albert Einstein to George Ellery Hale
Einstein, Anschütz und der Kieler Kreiselkompass: der Briefwechsel zwischen Albert Einstein und Hermann Anschütz-Kaempfe und andere Dokumente
Albert Einstein's best of
A theory of Planck radiation and a theory of specific heat
On the principle of relativity and its implications
On the quantitative theory of radiation
I cannot believe that God would choose to play dice with the universe.
THE PRACTICAL TOOLS FOR SYSTEM BUILDING, DEVELOPING, AND GOING TO SCALE
LEADERSHIP, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OUTREACH
THE FUNDAMENTALS OF SYSTEM BUILDING, DEVELOPING, AND GOING TO SCALE
Einstein’s Mistakes
Einstein esencial
Synthesis and characterization of aluminum-doped CdO thin films by sol-gel process.
uno de los mayores sabios del siglo XX
Albert Einstein to Marie Curie
Ideas y problemas fundamentales de la teoría de la relatividad
The Ship Loaded with Faith and Hope: Krenek’s “Karl V” and the Viennese Politics of the Thirties
Book Review: Albert Einstein:" Verehrte An-und Abwesende!". Originaltonaufnahmen 1921-1951/supposé Köln, 2003, 2 CDs, Gesamtspieldauer 115 Minuten, Booklet mit 32 pp., ISBN 3 …
Ebbinghaus illusion in the tactile modality
Search for Neutrinos with Masses in the Range 15 to 45 keV
SELF-RELATIONS PSYCHOTHERAPY WITH COUPLES1
Assistenza sanitaria negli Stati Uniti: la denuncia dell’American College of Physicians
Television and Our New Scientific, Artistic and Cultural Reality
Creating a Stimulating Learning Environment
Exploring the Black Box of Resilience: Unraveling Mysteries
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Inventing racism
Experimental comparison of the gravitational force on freely falling electrons and metallic electrons
Um eine Einkommensteuererklärung abgeben zu können, muss mann Philosoph sein; es ist zu schwierig für einen Mathematiker.
467 Proteomics of OATP1
Audiovisual
Zum gegenwärtigen Stande des Problems der spezifischen Wärme Arnold Eucken, ed., Die Theorie der Strahlung und der Quanten. Verhandlungen auf einer von E. Solvay einberufenen …
Natural Die-offs of Large Mammals: Implications for Conservation.
ORIGINAL COPY
Drucker, P. 166 Dubois, D. 71 Durkheim, Emile 448, 451 Easterlin, Richard 46n, 49n Eco, Umberto 105, 108
Everything should be as simple as possible, but not simpler
Why socialism?
Creativity in Art and Science
Demonstration of Nuclear Fusion in an Ordinary Clay Flower Pot
In Search of Harmony: Becoming Your Own Hero at Work
Fernald, RD 9, 16
Soldier, a Lawyer, a Spy, a Detective, a Doctor, a Gun-slinger, a Banker, an Agent, a Rock Star, a Scientist, a Priest, a Mayor, or a Politician; for a woman, the dream is a …
LOS PROBLEMAS DE" LÁPIZ Y PAPEL" COMO ESTRATEGIA PARA MEJORAR EL APRENDIZAJE DE LA QUÍMICA EN ESTUDIANTES DE EDUCACIÓN NOCTURNA. UNA PROPUESTA NO CONSTRUCTIVISTA
Special Relativity and its 4-Dimensional
Contribuição para o enquadramento de práticas de e-Learning Luis Manuel Borges Gouveia lmbg@ ufp. pt Junho, 2001
A Second American Century
7 The territory
Akert, K. 95 Alexander, S. 205 B Baenninger, R. 282
HighBeam Research
THE MILITARY
Creativity in Art
R & D Linkages in a Multi-Industry Corporation
How Did Kepler Discover His First Two Laws?
Why Socialism?
Name Index 263 Coser, RL, 222 Cox, CL, 215 Crawford, DW, 156
Albert Einstein in his own words in two complete books: Relativity-the special and general theory; Out of my later years-the scientist, philosopher and man portrayed through …
Einstein on science
Meaning of Relativity (Routledge Classics)
Une lecture pragmatique des morphèmes temporels du Swahili: le cas de na Frederick Kang'ethe Université de Nairobi< kangethe@ africaonline. co. ke
La impronta teológica en el discurso científico
Ediciones elaleph. com
24 Detoxifying Therapies
14 Combined Physical
This could be said to be a few random thoughts, from a public health perspective, regarding the implications of the many changes to be occurring in our society over the next …
Contraculture and Subculture
Theorien verborgener Parameter, EPR-Korrelationen, Bell’sche Ungleichung, GHZ-Zust ande
A Phase II study of the safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy of Incel (TM)(biricodar, VX-710) in combination with mitoxantrone (M) and prednisone (P) in hormone refractory …
A Phase II study of the safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy of IncelTM (biricodar, VX-710) in combination with mitoxantrone (M) and prednisone (P) in advanced hormone …
Why Is Economics Not an Evolutionary Science?
Peer-Review Bias Regarding Circumcision in American Medical Publishing
Transport of Dihydroxy Bile Salts and Their Taurine Conjugates by Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 1 (OATP1) and Na^+-Taurocholate Co-Transporting Polypeptide (NTCP)
THE STUFF THE WORLD IS MADE OF: PHYSICS AND REALITY
SOME THOUGHTS ON SIMPLICITY AND COMPLEXITY BY WAY OF JORGE LUIS BORGES, ITALO CALVINO, AND CS PEHICE
VORLESUNGEN BER SPEZIELLE RELATIVITTSTHEORIE
JP Adelman, Vollum Institute P. Agre, The Johns Hopkins University IS Ambudkar, National Institutes of Health, NIDR
THE BLACK HOLE, 25 YEARS LATER!
The Truth and Nothing But the Truth
``The reality in its completeness contains elements which escape our senses (or the instruments which help them) and which can be grasped only by our mind.''
Albert Einstein: 1879-1955:"... anbei etwas handschriftliches von mir..."
Ueber einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes betreffenden heuristischen Gesichtspunkt
4 The ethics of benchmarking: how to handle secrecy and sensitive
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Vol. 6 The Berlin Years 1914-1917
Clinical guidelines and management
Zur Grundlagenkrise der Physik.
Dem Gedächtnis Max Plancks: The National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America
Does Nature Violate Local Realism?
Prague Stochastics' 98
L'électron et la théorie de la relativité générale
Collected papers: The Swiss years: writings 1912-1914. English translation
KATHLEEN CROWN" LET US ENDURE": ATOMIC-AGE ANXIETY IN HD'S SAGESSE
JOHN CAIRNS, JR.
Gefaehrliche Freundschaft: Konsens in schwieriger Zeit
LETTER TO EINSTEIN, MILEVA, 1901+ WIFE OF EINSTEIN, ALBERT
RBRVS 2.0: toward a special theory of resource-based relativity.
Induzione e deduzione nella fisica
Der Einsteinturm in Potsdam: Architektur und Astrophysik
fictional professor named Adrian
[Albert Einstein] to Hendrik A. Lorentz: Letter, 2 Aug 1915
Nobel Lectures, Physics 1921, Fundamental ideas and problems of the theory of relativity, Lecture delivered to the Nordic Assembly of Naturalists at Gothenburg July 11, 1923
Acknowledgment of reviewers, volume 2
in 1982, mirroring a general trend toward more specialized science and technology reporters on the staff of general population publications. Into the twenty-first century …
Albert Einstein: eny Weg zur Gravitation; i ioriel
Broglie, Louis de (1892–1987)
9. Einstein’s Contribution
INHALT/CONTENTS
Relativites restreinte et generale Relativite generale, cosmologie et theories unitaires
Six Einstein Postcards
EINSTEIN/YANG-MILLS EQUATIONS* To James Serrin on his 65th birthday 3. SMOLLER** and A. WASSERMAN**" Whoever does not from the beginning reject the hypothesis that molecular …
WHY SOCIALISM (REPRINTED FROM MONTHLY REVIEW, VOL 1, MAY 1949)
Fear of breakdown
On the probable error of a mean
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 3: The Swiss years: Writings 1909-1911; Vol. 5: The Swiss years: Correspondence 1902-1914
Albert Einstein Et Museum Boerhaave
The collected papers of Albert Einstein: The Swiss years: writings, 1909-1911; Martin J. Klein...[et al.], editors; Jed Buchwald...[et al.], contributing editors
Nachtrag zu meiner Arbeit:Thermodynamische Begruendung des photochemischen Aequivalentgesetzes'(from Annalen der Physik 1912)
MAREK A. ABRAMOWICZ
Thermodynamische Begruendung des photochemischen Aequivalentgesetzes (from Annalen der Physik 1912)
UNCERTAINTIES AND HOPES
“A KIND OF VESSEL IN WHICH THE STRUGGLE FOR ETERNAL TRUTH IS PLAYED OUT”
POSSIBLE OUTCOMES
Pourquoi le socialisme?
Response criteria in phase II/phase III studies of invaisive bladder cancer
The Editors of the Journal of Membrane Biology gratefully acknowledge the following guest referees during the
314 Name index Cezanne, P., 54, 142 Chalmers, NR, 273 Charles I, king of England, 148
On Relativity Theory and Openness of the Future
Clark, Kenneth, 216 Coles, Robert, 387 Cone, JD, 249, 253 Cope, J A., 258
molecular neurobiology in neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease, in established multidis-ciplinary laboratory. Qualifications include a Ph. D. or MD and a …
Aristotle’s Temporal Interpretation of Necessary Coming-to-be and Stoic Determinism
Natural science: selections from the twentieth century
Œuvres choisies, 4: Correspondances françaises, coll.«Sources du savoir»
Importance of Research
Relativistic Effect in VLBI Time Delay Measurement
Correspondence between Barrie Stavis and Albert Einstein
PARENT-ADOLESCENT CONFLICT AND ACCIDENTAL INJURIES
The Spooks of Quantum Mechanics
Lense-like action of a star by deviation of light in the gravitational field
VICTOR J. STENGER
The Standard Model and the Search for Anomalies
256 INDEX OF NAMES
Reflections from Einstein's Archives: An Exhibition, Jewish National and University Library... 1990
11 Large and Complex Models
Contribution à la théorie des quanta
Fabry-Perot inversion algorithm
Einstein Notebook
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein: English Translation: Correspondence, 1902-1914
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein: English Translation: The Berlin Years: Writings, 1918-1921
The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein: The Swiss Years. Writings, 1900-1909/Anna Beck, Translator/Peter Havas, Consultant
Relativitatsprinzip und die aus demselben gezogenen Folgerungen
Why socialism?
Correspondance:«pourquoi la guerre?»(extrait)
I WANT TO THANK THE TRUSTEES, THE ADMINISTRATORS, AND THE FACULTY OF YESHIVA UNIVERSITY FOR BEING MY HOST TODAY AT THIS CONVOCATION, I DEEPLY APPRECIATE YOUR RECOGNITION AND …
Emlen, ST, 117
[The collected papers]; The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Transl.: 1. The early years, 1879-1902
Eclectic Affinities: Imaginary/Theory/Reality
NEWTON MECHANICS AND ITS INFLUENCE ON THEORETICAL PHYSICS
The Meshing of Words with Pictures
Being Familiar
Personen-und Sachverzeichnis
College of Medicine; and Gerald van Belle, University of Washington Howard J. Hoffman, Biometry Branch, NICHD/NIH, Bethesda, MD 20892
METHOD FOR THE DETERMINATION OF STATISTICAL VALUES OF OBSERVATIONS CONCERNING SIZES SUBMITTED TO IRREGULAR FLUCTUATIONS (REPRINTED FROM ARCH SCI PHYS ET NATUR, VOL 37, PG 254 …
II. A. On The Inevitability and Prevention Of Nuclear War/Or. Martin E. Hellman The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking and we thus …
Book-Review-Ideas and Opinions
15 ALTERED DRUG METABOLISM IN POORLY CONTROLLED INSULIN DEPENDENT DIABETES MELLITUS (IDDM)
MAY IS. 19J3 PHYSICAL REVIEW VOLUME «7
266 Reason and Morality
EL DERECHO A LA VIDA Y EL ARMAGEDON NUCLEAR
Thermodynamik: Vorlesung an d. Eidgenöss. Techn. Hochschule Zürich, WS 1912/13
Thermodynamik: Vorlesung an der ETH, Zurich, Wintersemester 1912-13
Thermodynamik: Vorlesung an d. Eidgenöss. Techn. Hochsch. Zürich, Wintersemester 1912/13; Nachschrift
WHY WAR-A LETTER FROM EINSTEIN, ALBERT TO FREUD, SIGMUND
On Person-Centered Experiential Learning and Affective Development
STEVEN A. LUEL
Manifiesto contra la guerra nuclear
Pourquoi la guerre? Warum Krieg? 1932 in La paix.
Letter to a friend of peace
Cagan, P. 31 Camacho, A. 175, 369
FREQUENCY, PROBABILITY AND CHANCE
Our Universe: The Known and the Unknown
Pfaffian Systems in Involution
Einstein and the Poet: In Search of the Cosmic Man
OPTIMAL TIMING OF RADIATION AND CHEMOTHERAPY IN THE PRIMARY-TREATMENT OF BREAST-CANCER
THE CAUSE OF MEANDER FORMATION IN RIVER CHANNELS AND THE SO-CALLED BAER'S LAW/סיבת התהוות נפתולים במרוצי-מים וחוק באר‎
The Impact of Modern Scientific Ideas on Society
SCIENCE ET PHILOSOPHIE: EINSTEIN ET SPINOZA M.-A. TONNELAT
After Einstein: Proceedings of the Einstein Centennial Celebration, Memphis State University, March 14-16, 1979
Einstein, el hombre, el mito, el científico
Briefe,[dt.] Aus d. Nachlaß hrsg. v. Helen Dukas u. Banesh Hoffmann
THEORY OF RELATIVITY+ RE-PUBLICATION OF DEBATE WITH EINSTEIN, ALBERT-MEETING OF APRIL 6, 1922 FROM BULLETIN-DE-LA-SOCIETE-FRANCAISE-DE-PHILOSOPHIE
On the Quantization Condition of Sommerfeld and Epstein
Science Fiction and Fantasy
Finitude and Unboundedness, Constancy and Incommensurability Robert A. Faguet, MD
his strength and his struggle
LA VIDA DE ALBERT EINSTEIN
CAUSERIES: From Einstein
After World War II
Einstein-Centenarium, 1979: Ansprachen und Vorträge auf den Festveranstaltungen des Einstein-Komitees der DDR bei der Akademie der Wissenshaften der DDR vom 28.2. bis 1979 in …
On Newton (1927)
Albert Einstein: zu seinem 100. Geburtstag am 14. März 1979
Albert Einstein und Ulm
Letters on Absolute Parallelism, 1929-1932: Correspondence Between Elie Cartan and Albert Einstein
La responsabilité morale du savant in Einstein.
Statistische Mechanik: Vorlesungsnachschrift von Walter Daellenbach, Sommersememster 1913, 2-stündig
HEMOSTATIC ABNORMALITIES IN CANINE NEOPLASMS-MODIFICATION WITH A COMBINATION OF RA 233 AND SULFINPY-RAZONE
Albert Einstein, o lado humano: rápidas visões colhidas em seus arquivos
QUOTE/UNQUOTE
848 HYPOCALCEMIA IN THALASSEMIA MAJOR
APPLICATION OF STOCHASTIC DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS TO THE DESCRIPTION CF TURBULENT DIFFUSION
The indivisibility of the personal and collective unconscious
Akademie-Vorträge: die Wiederabdrucke der Akademie-Vorträge Albert Einsteins, Nr. 64951 bis Nr. 649546 werden vom Verlag nur geschlossen abgegeben
For a biography of Toussaint L'Ouverture (1745-1803), I should ap-preciate hearing from anyone possessing manuscript letters or docu
Limitations of secondary in vitro sensitization for enhancing adoptive therapy of a friend leukemia
Limitations of secondary in vitro sensitization for enhancing adoptive therapy of a friend leukemia. Abstr.
Serum Gamma Glutamyl Transpeptidase (ggtp) Activity: A Chemical Determinant Of Alcohol Use In Adolescents
Lecture II RECURRENCES
Suicide of donor cells cultured with host cells.
Gill, DG, 171n5 Graziano, L., 69-70 Guillaume, M., 90 Hartley, Ruth, 178
INDUCTION OF INCREASED GRAFT VERSUS HOST DISEASE (GVHD) BY MOUSE SPLEEN-CELLS SENSITIZED INVITRO TO ALLOGENEIC TUMOR
Induction of increased graft-versus-host disease (gvhd) by mouse spleen cells sensitized in vitro to allogeneic tumor. Abstr.
Editor’s note to
Modification of B92 protocol and the proof of its unconditional security.
Über den Frieden: Weltordnung oder Weltuntergang? Vorw. von Bertrand Russell. Übers. d. engl. u. franz. Originale von Will Schaber
DIMETHYLMYLERAN (DMM) AND ADOPTIVE IMMUNOTHERAPY OF MURINE LEUKEMIAS
Dimethylmyleran (dmm) and adoptive immunotherapy of murine leukemias. Abstr.
T cell-mediated syngeneic adoptive immunotherapy of a friend leukemia. Abstr.
Dreyfus, FA, 17
t Are Y ou R ea l
Considerations on electrodynamics, the ether, geometry and relativity
GREAT DEBATE OF QUANTUM-MECHANICS
Prolegomena Zu Einer Protophysik Als Strenger Wissenschaft
Die Einstein-Sammlung der ETH-Bibliothek in Zürich: ein Ueberblick für Benützer der Handschriften-Abteilung
Carl Rogers
Albert Einstein, Hedwig und Max Born, Briefwechsel
Briefwechsel 1916-1955 [zwischen] Albert Einstein, Hedwig Born und Max Born
Ils ont tue Descartes
Einstein's Generalized Theory of Gravitation
A correction on my work- A new determination of molecular dimensions(New determination of molecular dimensions using Einstein's corrected formula for viscosity coefficients of …
Physics and Philosophy
The movement of particles suspended in fluids at rest which is postulated by the molecular- kinetic theory of heat(Molecular-kinetic theory of heat on motion of particles …
Albert Einstein--Biographical
Die Quantentheorie der spezifischen Wärme
Robert Nathan
Einstein's Legacy
LEO M. DAVIDOFF, MD
Sobranie naučnych trudov v 4 tomach
Briefe zur Wellenmechanik: 2. IV. 1926-22. XII. 1950 herausgegeben im Auftrage der Osterreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften von K. Karl Przibram,...
Briefe zur Wellenmechanik: mit 4 porträts
Briefe zur Wellenmechanik: Schrödinger, Planck, Einstein, Lorentz; mit 4 Portr
348 BRAIN FUNCTION
THE SECOND LAW _ i I cannot believe that God plays dice with the world.~> you*"'f
Relativity: A Popular Exposition. Auth. Transl. by Robert W. Lawson
Die Internationale der Wissenschaft
Briefe an Maurice Solovine: Faksimile-Wiedergabe von Briefen aus den Jahren 1906 bis 1955; mit französischer Übersetzung, einer Einführung...
BASIC POINT OF VIEW
HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVES ON TROPHOBLAST AND ITS TUMORS William B. Ober
第一章 Einstein's Autobiography
Maurice Ravel
Buchbesprechungen über: Grundzüge der Relativitätstheorie". 1. Auflage zugleich 3. erweiterte Auflage der" Vier Vorlesungen über Relativitätstheorie".(Ref. O. Heckmann)
Ėvoljucija fiziki: Razvitie idej ot pervonačal'nych ponjatij do teorii otnositel'nosti i kvantov
Brief über die Atomzertrümmerung
A Letter from Einstein: Praises Dean Muelder's Distinguished Lecture" The Idea of the Responsible Society"
Dr. Einstein to Dean Muelder
Cinquant'anni di relatività, 1905-1955. Prefazione di Albert Einstein... Direttore dell'opera: Mario Pantaleo. Segretario di redazione: Roberto Giannarelli
Ideas and Opinions: Based on Mein Weltbild, Ed. by Carl Seelig, and Other Sources. New Transl. and Revisions by Sonja Bargmann
Leben u. Briefe. Eingel. v. Albert Einstein
RECENT PUBLICATIONS ON THE PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Die Evolution der Physik: Albert Einstein [und] Leopold Infeld. Mit 75 Textabbildungen und 3 Kunstdrucktafeln.(Übersetzung von Werner Preusser.).
Book Review: Out of My Later Years, by Albert Einstein
Collected Papers.(Book Reviews: Reflections of a Physicist; Out of My Later Years)
Review of Publications-Out of My Later Years
Modern Science and its Philosophy. Relativity: A Richer Truth
The Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society; The Meaning of Relativity; Out of My Later Years and Albert Einstein: Philosopher-Scientist
To Prevent Misunderstanding
Geboren 14. März 1879 in Ulm: Feierstunde zum 70 Geburtstag im Schuhhaussaal zu Ulm-Donau.[Umschlagtitel.][Enthält:](Ansprache von Oberbürgermeister Theodor Pfizer, Ulm …
A Policy for Survival: a Statement by the Emergency Committee of Atomic Scientists—April 12, 1948
A Plea for International Understanding
Slavoj Žižek: We are all Basically Evil, Egotistical, Disgusting
Relativity.(Scientific Books: The Meaning of Relativity)
The Meaning of Relativity.[Translated by Edwin P. Adams. With an" Appendix for the Second Edition," Translated by Ernst G. Straus.].
On the Non-existence of Regular Stationary Solutions of Relativistic Field Equations: Annals of Mathematics, Vol. 44, No. 2, April 1943;(received January 4, 1943)
Irony Used to Define the English: In Brexit Britain, It’s Self-Importance
Albert Einstein letter to Lionel M. Ettlinger; 31 March 1940, Princeton.
Relating to relativity
La física, aventura del pensamiento, Albert Einstein, Leopold Infeld
The Freedom of Learning
Die drei Epochen der modernen Asthetik
WHAT THE PHILOSOPHERS AND SCIENTISTS ARE SAYING
A PRIMER ON THE COMPUTER STHIIIATIUN OF ATOMIC FLUIDS BY MOLECULAR DYNAMICS
Autograph Manuscript of Einstein's Theory of Relativity
James Clerk Maxwell: A Commemoration Volume 1831-1931 Essays
A relatividade de Alberto Eisntein:(ao nível de estudantes e estudiosos)
Gelegentliches: zum 50. Geburtstag 14. März 1929 dargebracht von der Soncino-Gesellschaft der Freunde des Jüdischen Buches zu Berlin
Auf die Riemann-Metrik und fern-parallelismus gegrundete einheitliche feld theorie
Planck-Medaille
HA Lorentz et la Cooperation Internationale
Traité de physique: tome supplémentaire, la physique de 1914 à 1926, première partie
Zu Kaluzas Theorie des Zusammenhanges von Gravitation und Elektrizität: erste Mitteilung. Zu Kaluzas Theorie des Zusammenhanges von Gravitation und Elektrizität: zweite …
Segundo centenario de Isaac Newton
Scientific Books: The Meaning of Relativity
