Social foundations of thought and action
Perceived self-efficacy in the exercise of control over AIDS infection
Self-efficacy: toward a unifying theory of behavioral change.
Social learning theory of aggression
Self-efficacy mechanism in human agency.
Social cognitive theory: An agentic perspective
Principles of behavior modification.
Perceived self-efficacy in cognitive development and functioning
Human agency in social cognitive theory.
Aggression: A social learning analysis.
Self-efficacy in changing societies
Health promotion by social cognitive means
Social cognitive theory of self-regulation
Guide for constructing self-efficacy scales
Social cognitive theory of mass communication
Cultivating competence, self-efficacy, and intrinsic interest through proximal self-motivation.
Social cognitive theory of organizational management
Self-motivation for academic attainment: The role of self-efficacy beliefs and personal goal setting
The self system in reciprocal determinism.
Negative self-efficacy and goal effects revisited.
Moral disengagement in the perpetration of inhumanities
Transmission of aggression through imitation of aggressive models.
Imitation of film-mediated aggressive models.
Exercise of human agency through collective efficacy
Health promotion from the perspective of social cognitive theory
Multifaceted impact of self‐efficacy beliefs on academic functioning
Evidence suggesting that a chronic disease self-management program can improve health status while reducing hospitalization: a randomized trial
The explanatory and predictive scope of self-efficacy theory
Regulation of cognitive processes through perceived self-efficacy.
Social cognitive theory of gender development and differentiation.
Toward a psychology of human agency
Influence of models' reinforcement contingencies on the acquisition of imitative responses.
Self‐efficacy beliefs as shapers of children's aspirations and career trajectories
Self-evaluative and self-efficacy mechanisms governing the motivational effects of goal systems.
Mechanisms of moral disengagement in the exercise of moral agency.
Social-learning theory of identificatory processes
Social cognitive theory in cultural context
Cognitive processes mediating behavioral change.
Self-efficacy
Social cognitive theory of moral thought and action
Impact of conceptions of ability on self-regulatory mechanisms and complex decision making.
Auto-efficacité: le sentiment d'efficacité personnelle
Social cognitive theory of personality
Analysis of self-efficacy theory of behavioral change
Teoría del aprendizaje social
Chronic disease self-management program: 2-year health status and health care utilization outcomes
Effect of perceived controllability and performance standards on self-regulation of complex decision making.
Pensamiento y acción: Fundamentos sociales
Impact of self-regulatory influences on writing course attainment
Self-efficacy and educational development
Selective moral disengagement in the exercise of moral agency
Adolescent aggression
On the functional properties of perceived self-efficacy revisited
Social learning through imitation.
Sozial-kognitive Lerntheorie
Psychological modeling: Conflicting theories
Differential engagement of self-reactive influences in cognitive motivation
Social cognitive theory of posttraumatic recovery: The role of perceived self-efficacy
Aprendizaje social y desarrollo de la personalidad
National Inst of Mental Health.(1986)
Exercise of personal agency through the self-efficacy mechanism
Social cognitive theory and exercise of control over HIV infection
Role of affective self‐regulatory efficacy in diverse spheres of psychosocial functioning
Vicarious reinforcement and imitative learning.
Self-regulation of motivation through anticipatory and self-reactive mechanisms
Cultivate self-efficacy for personal and organizational effectiveness
Social cognitive theory: An agentic perspective
Tests of the generality of self-efficacy theory
Perceived self-efficacy in the exercise of personal agency
Self-referent thought: A developmental analysis of self-efficacy
Prosocial foundations of children's academic achievement
Relative efficacy of desensitization and modeling approaches for inducing behavioral, affective, and attitudinal changes.
Self-efficacy pathways to childhood depression.
Self-regulatory mechanisms governing the impact of social comparison on complex decision making.
Adolescent development from an agentic perspective
Identification as a process of incidental learning.
A case-management system for coronary risk factor modification after acute myocardial infarction
Mechanisms governing empowerment effects: a self-efficacy analysis.
Self-efficacy conception of anxiety
Reflections on self-efficacy
Influence of social reinforcement and the behavior of models in shaping children's moral judgment.
Organisational applications of social cognitive theory
Mechanisms of moral disengagement
Lernen am modell
Vicarious Processes: A Case of No-Trial Learning1
Behavior theory and the models of man.
Recycling misconceptions of perceived self-efficacy
Self-regulation of motivation and action through internal standards and goal systems.
Microanalysis of action and fear arousal as a function of differential levels of perceived self-efficacy.
Sociocognitive self-regulatory mechanisms governing transgressive behavior.
Self-regulation of motivation and action through goal systems
The primacy of self‐regulation in health promotion
The psychology of chance encounters and life paths.
Psychological mechanisms of aggression
Selective activation and disengagement of moral control
The self and mechanisms of agency
L'apprentissage social
Disinhibition of aggression through diffusion of responsibility and dehumanization of victims
Vicarious and self-reinforcement processes
Longitudinal analysis of the role of perceived self-efficacy for self-regulated learning in academic continuance and achievement.
Factors determining vicarious extinction of avoidance behavior through symbolic modeling.
A comparative test of the status envy, social power, and secondary reinforcement theories of identificatory learning.
Transmission of patterns of self-reinforcement through modeling.
Vicarious extinction of avoidance behavior.
The exercise of control
The evolution of social cognitive theory
Editorial
Perceived self-efficacy and pain control: opioid and nonopioid mechanisms.
Autoefficacia.: Teoria e applicazioni.(Presentazione all'edizione italiana di Gian Vittorio Caprara)
Analysis of modeling processes.
Self-efficacy mechanism in psychobiologic functioning
Refrections on nonability determinants of competence
Perceived self-efficacy in coping with cognitive stressors and opioid activation.
Catecholamine secretion as a function of perceived coping self-efficacy.
Behavioral modification through modeling procedures
Mechanisms governing organizational performance in complex decision-making environments
The role of proximal intentions in self-regulation of refractory behavior
Self-efficacy determinants of anticipated fears and calamities.
Vicarious classical conditioning as a function of arousal level.
Social cognitive theory for personal and social change by enabling media
Psychotherapy as a learning process.
Psychotherapy based upon modeling principles
Influence of gender constancy and social power on sex-linked modeling.
Modifications of self-imposed delay of reward through exposure to live and symbolic models.
The stormy decade: Fact or fiction?
Personal and collective efficacy in human adaptation and change
The revised scale for caregiving self-efficacy: Reliability and validity studies
PSYCHOLOGICAL NAODELING: THEORY AND PRACTICE
Auto-eficacia: cómo afrontamos los cambios de la sociedad actual
A sociocognitive analysis of substance abuse: An agentic perspective
The assessment and predictive generality of self-percepts of efficacy
Impact of perceived self-efficacy in coping with stressors on components of the immune system.
Observational learning as a function of symbolization and incentive set
Self-reinforcement: Theoretical and methodological considerations
Growing primacy of human agency in adaptation and change in the electronic era.
Human agency: The rhetoric and the reality.
Self-efficacy. In. VS Ramachaudran
Relative efficacy of self-monitored and externally imposed reinforcement systems.
A social cognitive approach to the exercise of control over AIDS infection.
Encyclopedia of human behavior
Role of symbolic coding and rehearsal processes in observational learning.
Escaping Homelessness: The Influences of Self‐Efficacy and Time Perspective on Coping With Homelessness1
Social foundation of thought and action: A social-cognitive view
Representational guidance of action production in observational learning: A causal analysis
Theoretical perspectives
Modificación de conducta: análisis de la agresión y la delincuencia:[trabajos expuestos en el Tercer Symposio de Modificación de la conducta, celebrado los días 22, 23 y 24 de …
The social learning perspective: Mechanisms of aggression.
Swimming against the mainstream: The early years from chilly tributary to transformative mainstream
Self‐regulatory mechanisms governing gender development
Teoria social cognitiva: conceitos básicos
The structure of children's perceived self-efficacy: A cross-national study.
Exercise testing to enhance wives' confidence in their husbands' cardiac capability soon after clinically uncomplicated acute myocardial infarction
Fearful expectations and avoidant actions as coeffects of perceived self-inefficacy.
Social learning of moral judgments.
Psychotherapists approach-avoidance reactions to patients' expressions of hostility.
Il senso di autoefficacia. Aspettative su di sé e azione
Determinants and structural relation of personal efficacy to collective efficacy
The role of moral disengagement in the execution process
Self-efficacy: The foundation of agency
The role of visual monitoring in observational learning of action patterns: Making the unobservable observable
Self-efficacy: Toward a unifying theory of behavioral change
Some social determinants of self-monitoring reinforcement systems.
Social learning analysis of aggression.
COMMENTARY:" On the Psychosocial Impact and Mechanisms of Spiritual Modeling"
The role of selective moral disengagement in terrorism and counterterrorism.
Multidimensional scales of perceived self-efficacy
Self-efficacy in changing societies
Gauging the relationship between self-efficacy judgment and action
Generalizing change through participant modeling with self-directed mastery
Adolescent aggression: A study of the influence of child-training practices and family interrelationships.
Much ado over a faulty conception of perceived self–efficacy grounded in faulty experimentation
Human agency in social cognition theory
The reconstrual of “free will” from the agentic perspective of social cognitive theory
Teoria społecznego uczenia się
An agentic perspective on positive psychology
Modification of syntactic style
Care management for low-risk patients with heart failure: a randomized, controlled trial
Conductisme.
Mechanisms of moral disengagement in support of military force: The impact of Sept. 11
Perceived self-efficacy: Exercise of control through self-belief
Comments on the crusade against the causal efficacy of human thought
The influence of antecedent reinforcement and divergent modeling cues on patterns of self-reward.
Impact of family efficacy beliefs on quality of family functioning and satisfaction with family life
Efficacy of participant modeling as a function of response induction aids.
Impact of guided exploration and enactive exploration on self-regulatory mechanisms and information acquisition through electronic search.
Translating cognition into action: The role of visual guidance in observational learning
Self-efficacy and health behaviour
The changing face of psychology at the dawning of a globalization era.
Role of timing of visual monitoring and motor rehearsal in observational learning of action patterns
The impact of conceptions of ability on self-regulatory factors and motor skill acquisition
On broadening the cognitive, motivational, and sociostructural scope of theorizing about gender development and functioning: comment on Martin, Ruble, and Szkrybalo (2002).
Toward an agentic theory of the self
Impact of adolescents' filial self‐efficacy on quality of family functioning and satisfaction
Regulative function of perceived self-efficacy
Longitudinal impact of perceived self-regulatory efficacy on violent conduct.
Aggression: eine sozial-lerntheoretische Analyse
Moral disengagement: How people do harm and live with themselves.
Going global with social cognitive theory: From prospect to paydirt
Life trajectories in changing societies
Nurse management for hypertension: a systems approach
Processes governing disinhibitory effects through symbolic modeling.
Social cognitive theory of social referencing
On paradigms and recycled ideologies
Model of causality in social learning theory
Impeding ecological sustainability through selective moral disengagement
Guía para la construcción de escalas de autoeficacia
Impact of adolescents' perceived self-regulatory efficacy on familial communication and antisocial conduct
A evolução da teoria social cognitiva
Psychological distress of children and mothers in domestic violence emergency shelters
Corporate transgressions through moral disengagement
Some reflections on reflections
The role of imitation in personality development
Failures in self-regulation: Energy depletion or selective disengagement?
Psychotherapist's anxiety level, self-insight, and psychotherapeutic competence.
Modeling theory: Some traditions, trends, and disputes
The role of modeling process in personality development
Effecting change through participant modeling
From thought to action-mechanisms of personal agency
Observational learning
Exploration of fortuitous determinants of life paths
On rectifying conceptual ecumenism
Moral disengagement in the corporate world
Social cognitive theory of gender development and functioning.
Ejercicio de la eficacia personal y colectiva en sociedades cambiantes
Conditions governing nonreinforced imitation.
Bandura
Assessment of filial, parental, marital, and collective family efficacy beliefs
Environmental Sustainabiltiy by Sociocognitive Deceleration of Population Growth
Social cognitive theory of human development
Multidimensional scales of perceived academic efficacy
Analysis of memory codes and cumulative rehearsal in observational learning
La misura del disimpegno morale in età evolutiva.
Aggression: A social learning approach
A social learning interpretation of psychological dysfunctions
Modelling approaches to the modification of phobic disorders
Behavioral psychotherapy
自己効力 (セルフ エフィカシー) の探求
Insights. Self-efficacy
Self-referent mechanisms in social learning theory.
Self-efficacy: The experience of control
Relationship of family patterns to child behavior disorders
On rectifying the comparative anatomy of perceived control: Comments on “Cognates of personal control”
Principios de modificación de conducta
Ontological and epistemological terrains revisited
Autoeficacia: hacia una teoría unificada del cambio conductual
Developmental psychology and early childhood education
激動社会の中の自己効力
Albert Bandura
Analysis of delinquency and aggression
Punishment revisited.
Social cognition.
Agresja w okresie dorastania
In search of pure unidirectional determinants
Modeling theory
Self-efficacy mechanisms in psychological activation and health promoting behavior
Die sozial-kognitive Theorie der Massenkommunikation
Self-efficacy: Encyclopedia of Human behavior (Vol. 4, pp. 71-81)
Selective exercise of moral agency
Self-efficacy: insights. Harvard mental health letter
Collective efficacy
The nature and structure of self-efficacy
Teacher self-efficacy scale
The social and policy impact of Social Cognitive Theory
Media effects: advances in theory and research
Temporal dynamics and decomposition of reciprocal determinism: A reply to Phillips and Orton.
Sosiaalis-kognitiivinen teoria
Principles of behavioral modification
Social reinforcement and behavior change—Symposium, 1962: 1. Behavior theory and identificatory learning.
Walters
Autoefficacia percepita emotiva e interpersonale e buon funzionamento sociale
What TV violence can do to your child
Encyclopedia of human behavior
A social cognitive perspective on positive psychology
1977Social learning theory
Walters. R.(1963)
On deconstructing commentaries regarding alternative theories of self-regulation
Self-eficacy: Theexerciseofcontrol
The Role of Self-Efﬁ cacy in Goal-Based Motivation
Social learning the-ory
Die analyse von Modellierungsprozessen
On integrating social cognitive and social diffusion theories
Annals of child development. Vol. 6. Six theories of child development
Handbook of psychotherapy and behavior change
Teoría social cognitiva de la comunicación de masas
Self-efficacy and health
Social learning perspective on behavior change
Representing personal determinants in causal structures.
Social demand for consistency and congruence between self-efficacy and performance
1986
The Ethical and Social Purposes of Behavior Modification
Dependency of patients, psychotherapists' responses, and aspects of psychotherapy.
Social cognitive theory goes global.
Manual for the construction of self-efficacy scales
Dependency Conflicts in Aggressive Delinquents1
Principles of
Teorija social'nogo nauchenija
Self-reinforcement in pigeons
Entwicklungskrisen kompetent meistern: der Beitrag der Selbstwirksamkeitstheorie von Albert Bandura zum pädagogischen Handeln
A teoria social cognitiva na perspectiva da agência
Handbook of personality
The exercise of self-control
L'età sospesa: itinerari del viaggio adolescenziale
Maintenance and transfer of self-reinforcement functions
The Rorschach white space response and" oppositional" behavior.
Self-efficacy: the excersice of self-control
Teoria social cognitiva del pensiero e dell'azione morale.
Admissibility of Confessions in Federal Prosecutions: Implementation of Section 3501 by Law Enforcement Officials and the Courts
Attachment theory
Social cognitive theory. Dalam R. Vasta
Perceived self-efficacy
" Primary" and" secondary" suggestibility.
Psychotherapeutic treatment of cancer patients
Development and evaluation of a computer-based system for dietary management of hyperlipidemia
The Rorschach white space response and perceptual reversal.
The growing centrality of self-regulation in health promotion and disease prevention
Guida alla costruzione delle scale di autoefficacia
Self-deception: A paradox revisited
Reading motivation: What the research says
Self-efficacy in health functioning
Corporate transgressions
Sviluppo sociale e cognitivo secondo una prospettiva agentica
Behavior theory and the models of man (1974).
O exercício da agência humana pela eficácia coletiva
J’y arriverai»: le sentiment d’efficacité personnelle
Social cognitive theory and clinical psychology
Psychological aspects of prognostic judgments
Self-efficacy mechanism in socio-cognitive functioning
Social modeling theory
Model of causality in social learning theory
Reflexive empathy: On predicting more than has ever been observed
Aprendizaje social y desarrollo de la personalidad
Role of perceived self-efficacy and moral disengagement in antisocial conduct
Discriminative activation and maintenance of contingent self-reinforcement
La misura del disimpegno morale nel contesto delle trasgressioni dell'agire quotidiano
Different Ways of Knowing: 1991–1994 National Longitudinal Study Final Report
Walters. RH (1959)
Bandura's social cognitive theory: An introduction
La auto-eficacia: El ejercicio del control
On distinguishing between logical and empirical verification. A comment on Smedslund
The effects of psychotherapy
Teorías de la personalidad
Behavior therapy
Teoriya sotsialnogo naucheniya
Modificación de las conductas de riesgo y adopción de conductas saludables: el rol de las creencias de auto-eficacia
Exercise of agency in personal and social change
Social cognitive theory of mass communication.(Ed. J. Bryant ve D. Zillman, Media effects: Advances in theory and research (s. 61-90)
Shall the Twain ever meet?
Self-efficacy beliefs in human functioning
Verhaltenstheorie und die Modelle des Menschen
O sistema do self no determinismo recíproco
Theory of social learning
Self-efficacy in changing societies
RH (1963)
Social learning therapy
1997
Modelo de causalidad en la teoría del aprendizaje social
Aggression: A social learning perspective
La misura dell'autoefficacia percepita in età scolare. Un contributo preliminare.
Ramachaudran (Ed.), Encyclopedia of Human Behavior, 4, 71-81
Leernen am Modell: Ansatze zu einer sozial-kognitiven Lerntheorie
Social learning and personal development
RH (1963): Social learning and personality development
Test of three conceptual models of influence of the big five personality traits and self-efficacy on academic performance: A meta-analytic path-analysis
La théorie sociale cognitive: une perspective agentique
Self-efficacy [Electronic version]
Social foundation of thought and action: A social cognitive theory Prentice Hall
Institutionally sanctioned violence
But what about that gigantic elephant in the room?
Self-efficacy: The exercise of the self
Behavior modification in education: The seventy-second yearbook of the national society for the study of education
8: Walters, RH (1963)
Uolters R
Social cognitive theory: An agentic albert bandura
Encyclopedia of mental health
Il senso di autoefficacia personale e collettivo
Teoría social del aprendizaje
Agresja w okresie dorastania: wpływ praktyk wychowawczych i stosunków rodzinnych
Reflections on an agentic theory of human behavior.
A world from two perspectives: E pluribus duo?
VS Ramachaudran (Ed.), Encyclopedia of Human Behavior, volume 4, chapter Self-Efficacy
(1977a). Self-efficacy: Toward a unifying theory of behavioral change. Psychological Review, 84, 191-215
Statusneid, soziale Macht und sekundäre Verstärkung. Eine vergleichende Untersuchung von Theorien des Identifikationslernens
The case of the mistaken dependent variable.
The changing icons in personality psychology
Mary Ainsworth
Psychotherapy based upon modeling procedures
Mecanismos de desconexión moral
Self Efficacy Mechanism in Psychological and Health-Promoting Behavior
Social Functions of Thought and Action: A Social Cognitive Approach
Social foundations of thought and action: a social cognitive theory. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prenyice Hall
Self-reinforcement: The power of positive personal control
Aggression: A social learning analysis. 1973
Self-efficacy and agency of change
Social cognitive theory of mass communication. U: J. Bryant & D. Zillmann (ur.), Media effects: Advances in theory and research (str. 121-154)
ASelf-regulation of motivation through anticipatory and self-regulatory mechanisms
Adaptation, learning, and affect
Social foundations of thought and action: A socio-psychological model of career choice and work behaviour
Self-Efficacy: The Exercise of Control. 1997 New York
R.(1974)
Principles of Behavior Modification, Holt, Rinehart and Winston, New York, 1969
Perceived collective efficacy in hockey
Self-regulatory mechanisms in motivating, apathetic, and despondent reactions to unfulfilled standards
Psychological review
原野広太郎 (監)(1979): 社会的学習理論—人間理解と教育の基礎—
Relative preference for external and self-controlled reinforcement in monkeys
The nature of reinforcement
Toward a psychology of human agency: Pathways and reflections
Social cognitive theory: Handbook of social psychological theories
De l’apprentissage social au sentiment d’efficacité personnelle
Encyclopedia of psychology
Perceived team efficacy in collegiate hockey
Juicio moral
Principles of behavior modification, New York, 1969
Adolescenti e autoefficacia. Il ruolo delle credenze personali nello sviluppo individuale
Teoria spoecznego uczenia siÊ
La teoría cognitiva social: Una perspectiva agencial
Moral disengagement in the perpetration of inhumanities
Self-efficacy. VS Ramachaudran (Eds.), Encyclopedia of human behavior (ss. 71-81) içinde
Organizational behavior and human decision processes
Social foundations of thought and action: A social cognitive 連結
Social foundation of thought and actions: a cognitive social theory
Self-efficacy: An integrative construct
Self-efficacy: A motivational paradigm for effective teacher education
Catharsis-A questionable mode of coping with violence
2009."
al.(1992)
W alters RH
Teoría cognitivo-social
Adolescenti e autoefficacia
Les adolescents: leur sentiment d'efficacité personnelle et leur choix de carrière
Self-efficacy predicts adherence to dietary sodium limitation in patients with heart failure
Análisis evolutivo de las creencias de control
Self-efficacy: The exercise of efficacy
자기효능감과 인간행동
Selfleﬁ ‘icacy: The exercise ofcontml
EXERCISE OF CONTROL THROUGH SELF-BELIEF-A CITATION CLASSIC COMMENTARY ON SELF-EFFICACY-TOWARD A UNIFYING THEORY OF BEHAVIORAL-CHANGE BY BANDURA, A.
Primary prevention of AIDS: Psychological approaches
Social foundations of thought and action: a social cognitive theory: prentice-hall, Inc
Bases sociales de pensamiento y de acción: la teoría cognitiva social
On ecumenism in research perspectives
Self-efficacy: Toward a unifying theory of behavioral 連結
Fundamentos del Aprendizaje Social. Traducción. LP Ullan
Recent trends in social learning theory
Ross. SA (1963b). A comparative test of the status, envy, social power, and the secondary reinforcement theories of identificatory learning
Sigmund Freud
Information on self-efficacy
Lo sviluppo adolescenziale secondo una prospettiva agentiva
Systematic desensitization
Teacher efficacy scale
Reflections on Human Agency: Part I
Preventing AIDS: Theories and methods of behavioral intervention
La autoeficacia percibida en el desarrollo cognitivo y el funcionamiento
Adolescents and AIDS: A generation in jeopardy
Social Founclations of ThoLight and Action: A Social Cogniitive Theol-y
Técnicas de Modificación de Conducta
Psychological mechanism of aggression. InAggression-Theoretical and Empirical Reviews, Vol. 1
Self-efficacy mechanisms in human agency. American Psychologists, 37, 122-147
A~ m’ession: A social learning analysi¢
A comparative test of the status envy, social power, and secondary reinforcement theories of identificatory learning
Research in behavior modification: new developments and implications
Principles of Behavior Modification (New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1969)
A murky portrait of human cruelty
Auto-efﬁcacité
Swimming against the mainstream: The early years in chilly waters
Autoeficacia: Cómo enfrentamos los cambios de la sociedad
Why the little blue engine could: Self-efficacy and the real power of positive thinking
6HOI HIILFDF\7KH H [HUFLVH RI FRQWURO
社會學習理論
Health promotion the self-efficacy way
Bandura Self-efficacy defined
Perceived self-agency in the exercise of personal agency
Social psychology; Cognition; Social perception; Social aspects
Il sistema del sé nel determinismo reciproco
El papel de los procesos de modelado en el desarrollo de la personalidad
Self-efficacy: Toward a unifying theory of behavioral change. 連結
Self-efficacy: Toward a unifying
Social language theory
Self learning theory
The impact of visual media on personality
Psychotherapy based upon modelling principles in AE Benguna and S. Garfield (Eds). Handbook of Psychotherapy and Behaviour Change. An Empirical Analysis
Adolescent aggression
Principles ofBehavior Modijcation
THE JOURNAL OF APPLIED BEHAVIOR ANALYSIS
Self-efficay
y Walters RH (1974)
H.,(1974) Aprendizaje social y desarrollo de la personalidad
Psychology classics all psychology students should read: The bobo doll experiment
Teoria social cognitiva–conceitos básicos
Guide for constructing self-efficacy scales In Pajares F., & Urdan T.(Eds.), Self-efficacy beliefs of adolescents (pp. 307–337)
Care management for low-risk patients with heart failure
Social-cognitive theory. Encyclopedia of psychology, Vol. 7. Washington, DC, New York, NY, USUS: American Psychological Association
A social-cognitive theory of personality. Pervin L John O, ed
Perceived self-efficacy in the exercise of personal agency
Exercise of agency in accenting the positive
SelI-eIIicacy: The exercise oI control
Self-efficacy in changing societies (1995)/本明寛, 野口京子訳: 激動社会の自己効力
Psicología educativa
Reflections on human agency: Part II
Personal and collective efficacy in human adaptation and change
Modification of coronary risk factors after acute myocardial infarction: a case management system
Sozialisierung (Sozialisation)
Factors influencing behavior and behavior change: final report of theorist’s workshop on AIDS-related behaviors
Bailey Т
Self-efficacy mechanism in physilogical activation and health promotion behavior
Impact of conceptions of ability on self-regulatory mechanisms and complex decision-making
Social foundations of thought and action: A social cognitive theory. 連結
Self-appraisal and self-regulation
Self-efficacy mechanism in human agency. American Psychologist. V. 37.
L’apprentissage correctif
L'apprentissage social, traduit par Jean-A
Perceived effectiveness: An explanatory mechanism of behavioral change
The Social Theory of Learning
Social learning theory. Englewood Cliffs, NJ. Prantice Hall
Social Learning Theory (Holt, Rinehart, and Winston, Englewood Cliffs, NJ)
Self-efficacy: Towards a unifying theory and the organization
The process and practice of participant modeling treatment
Socialization
Social learning theory of identification proceeds
The role of modeling personality development
Psychotherapy conceptualized as a social-learning process
c., Caprara, G., & Pastorelli, C.(2001)
0986). Social foundation of thought and action: A social cognitive therapy
A self-rating depression scale
Social cognitive theory and media production
L'autoefficacia degli adolescenti: dalla scuola ai comportamenti a rischio
Information on self-efficacy: A community of scholars
A sociocognitive perspective on intellectual development and functioning
Theory of self-Efficacy
Self-efficacy. The Exercise of Control, tr. it
Self-efficacy: The exercise of conimi
Social learning theory of human development
Cognitive development and functioning
Self-efficacy mechanism in physiological activation and healthpromoting behaviour In Madden J.(Ed) Neurobiology of learning, emotion and affect.(pg. 229-269)
Self-efficacy regulation of affective states and biological stress reactions
Social cognitive theory of moral thought and action in WM Kurtines & J. L. Gewirtz (Eds.), Handbook of moral behavior and development (Vol. 1, pp. 45-103)
Social cognitive theory of moral thought and action. IN: Handbook of Moral Behavior and Development. Kurtines WM and Gerwitz JL (eds).(Vol 1, p 45-103)
Goal setting and monetary incentives: motivational tools that can work too well
Social foundations of thought and A Social cognitive theory Englewood cliffs NJ
Social Cognitive Theory. Englewood Cliffs, 1967; 8: 287–92
Social Foundations Of Îhought andAction: a Social Cognitive Theo-ry
Social Foundations of Thought and Action: A Social Cognitive Theo Prentice-Hall
Making a difference: Teacher sense of efficacy and student achievement
Social foundations of thought and action. 連結
Social foundation of thought and actionPrentice-Hall
Self-referent thought
El sistema del sí mismo en el determinismo recíproco
Social Learning Theory PrenticeHall Inc
社會學習理論 (周曉虹譯). 台北市: 桂冠
Modeling theory learning: Systems, models, and theories
La agresión dependiente de programa
Principles of social learning
Reinforcement patterns and social behaviour: Aggression
Principles of behavior modification. New York: Rinehart and Winston
Social-learning model of deviant behavior
Walters Richard H
Social-learning through imitation of adult models
Walters, RH Aggression
Locke, EA (2003)
Factors influencing behavior and behavior change: Final report--theorist’s workshop. 1991
Self-Efficacy (1997): The Exercise of Control
Cook, JL, Jones, RM, Dick, AJ, & Singh, A.(2005). Revisiting men’s role in father involvement: The importance of personal expectations
walters, R (1974) Aprendizaje social y desarrolla de la personalidad
Walters (1982)
Social foundations of thought and action: A cognitive social theory. 1986
1989Human agency in social cognitive theory
Social Foundations of Thought and Action. 1986 Englewood Cliffs
dan Walters, RH,(1959). Adolescene Aggression
Social foundations of thought and action: A social cognitive theory. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: 1986
Ross. S./1963: Vicarious reinforcement and imitative learning
8: Ross, SA (1963)
50 The Power of Observational Learning Through Social Modeling
The Bobo Doll Experiment
Guide for Constructing Self-Efficacy Scales in Self-Efficacy Beliefs of Adolescents. F. Pajares and T. Urdan
Guide for constructing self-efficacy scales. Retrieved November 17, 2005
Auto-efficacité: psychologie scientifique du développement personnel
Regulation of cognitive processes through perceived self-efficacy
Teenage aggression. Study of the influence of education and family relations
Anxiety Disorder
Enhancing human functioning the social cognitive way
Self-efficacy through control of action
Mechanisms Governing Organizational Productivity in Complex Decision Making Environments
Social foundations of thought and language
Aprendizaje vicario
Personality Social Psychology
Social learriivzg theory
Social Learning Theory of Identification Processes, DA Goslin
On empirical disconfirmations of equivocal deductions with insufficient data.
Effects of perceived collective efficacy on organizational attainments
Social foundations of thought and action: A Social Cognitive Theory. 510 1986
Impact of perceived school efficacy on level of school achievement
E.(1975) Modificación de la conducta. Análisis de la agresión y la delincuencia
Walters. Richard H.(1959)
Science and theory building
Teori Belajar Sosial
On broadening the cognitive, motivational, and sociostructural scope of theorizing about gender development and functioning: Comment on Martin, Ruble, and Szkrvbalo (2002)
Self-Efficacy: The Foundation of Agency1
Motivation, emotion and stress
SelfEfticacy. The Exercise or Control. W. H
激動社会における個人と集団の効力の発揮
Self efficacy. VS Ramachaudran (Ed.). Encylopedia of human behavior içinde (Cilt 4, ss. 71-81)
Self eficacy. Dalam VS Ramachaudran (Ed). Encyclopedia of Human Behavior (vol. 4. pp. 71-81)
Socinl foundntions of thought andaction
Awards for Distinguished Scientific Contributions: 1980
Reflections on self-efficacy
La agresión
Social learmng theory of ldentificatory processes In DA Coslin
The development of self-control
RH: Adolescent aggressión, Nueva York
Middle stadt, SE (1991)
Social congitive theory of organizational management.
Social foundations of thought and action: a social cognitive theory', 2007, in’Prentice Hall Series in Social Learning theory’
Se& $ kacy: The exercise of control
Ross, 5.(1961) Transmissión of aggression through Imitacion of aggressive models
Selbstwirksamkeit von Angehörigen bei früher Integration von Supportiv-/Palliativversorgung in die Onkologie
In recent years, there has been a growing interest in students’ self-regulation
Learning Theories and Pedagogy
Obituary
SOCIOCOGNITIVE THEORY OF HUMAN ADAPTATION-A CITATION-CLASSIC COMMENTARY ON SOCIAL-LEARNING THEORY, BY BANDURA, A.
Self-regulation of motivation through anticipatory and self
Pensamiento y Ac ción: Fundamentos Sociales. Bi bliografía de Psicología, Psiquia tría y Salud
Social/oundationSo/zholghfandaction: 4 Socialcognive theory EnglewoodCliffs
Social Foundations Social Foundations of Thought and Action-A Social Cognitive Theory
Social theory of thoughts and action. A social cognitive theory
自己効力の探究
Immediate psychological impact of exercise testing soon after myocardial infarction
La Teoría del Aprendizaje Social de Albert Bandura
Self-efficacy and competence and independent living among oldest old persons
New perspectives on violence
Principles of Behavior Modiﬁcation, _Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Psychotherapy as a Learning Processf
A study of some of the psychological processes associated with the Rorschach white space response
8c Menlove, FL (1968). Factors determining vicarious extinction of avoidance behavior
Applying theory for human betterment
Albert Bandura and Social Learning Theory
Taking aim on empowerment research: On the distinction between individual and psychological conceptions
Exploring the Role of Peer Advice in Self-Regulated Learning: Metacognitive, Social, and Environmental Factors.
On structural evil: disengaging from our moral selves
Social skills training
Psychological Assessment for the Workplace
İnsanlıkdışı Suçların İşlenmesinde Ahlakî Bağlantının Kesilmesi
Social cognitive theory of mass
Moral responsibility and economic choice
Albert Bandura: Imitation and social learning
Special section on factors influencing national development and transformation: Indigenous, psychological, and cultural analysis-social cognitive theory in cultural context
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
Modificación de conducta: los niños en el entorno social
Escaping Homelessness: The Influences of Self-Efficacy and Time Perspective on Coping With Homelessnessl
The Zone of Proximal Development and Scaffolding
Bandura’s Social Cognitive Theory
Self-efficacy. U: VS Ramachandran (ur.), Encyclopedia of human behavior, Vol. 4, 71-81
Intimate violence: A study of interpersonal homicide in Chicago
Social Cognitive Theory of Organizational Management
Albert Bandura
Cognitive determinants of observational-learning-a causal-analysis
Moral judgment
自己効力感 (セルフ・エフィカシー) の探求
CITATION CLASSIC-PRINCIPLES OF BEHAVIOR-MODIFICATION
A Social-Learning Explanation of Deviant Behavior
Richard H. Walters: 1918-1967.
Psychotherapy as social learning
Lode for Clinical Data
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology
Sexual abuse of deaf youth
Behavior and adaptation in long-term prison inmates: Descriptive longitudinal results
Systematic review of theoretical studies on bullying and cyberbullying: Facts, knowledge, prevention, and intervention
Only 15 minutes? The social stratification of fame in printed media
Investigating the effects of procedural justice on workplace deviance
Whose culture has capital? A critical race theory discussion of community cultural wealth
The neuroscience of trust: Management behaviors that foster employee engagement
Attachments to Inanimate Objects: Are Children Who Have Security Blankets Insecure?
Longitudinal investigation of the impact of anxiety and mood disorders in adolescence on subsequent substance use disorder onset and vice versa
Consumer ethnocentrism, national identity, and consumer cosmopolitanism as drivers of consumer behavior: A social identity theory perspective
Developmental changes in decoding discrepant and nondiscrepant nonverbal cues
Co-occurrence of conduct-disorder and its adult outcomes with depressive and anxiety disorders: A review
Five-minute psychotherapy
Acquiring Writing Revision Skill: Shifting from Process to Outcome Self-Regulatory Goals
Who’s benefiting from MOOCs, and why
Reexamining the affective advantage of peer feedback in the ESL writing class
Self-and social regulation in learning contexts: An integrative perspective
How do welfare sanctions work?
The Mutable Self: An Adaptation to Sociocultural Change
An Integrative Model of Organizational Trust
Volunteered Geographic Information and Crowdsourcing Disaster Relief: A Case Study of the Haitian Earthquake
The voices of school counselors: Essential characteristics of school counselor leaders
Between self and others: relational schemas as an integrating construct in psychotherapy
Building a British superman: physical culture in interwar Britain
Pornography’s Impact on Sexual Satisfaction
Victim and witness satisfaction survey
Professional and Personal Knowledge of Teachers and Teacher Educators
The Standardization of Time: A Sociohistorical Perspective
Closing Commentary
Peer effects in private and public schools across countries.
The twisted road to genocide: On the psychological development of evil during the Holocaust
Martha Van Rensselaer and the Delineator’s Homemaking Department
REFLECTIONS ON MORAL DISENGAGEMENT: A REPLY TO BANDURA
A COMMENTARY ON MORAL DISENGAGEMENT: THE RHETORIC AND THE REALITY
Emotion and perception: The role of affective information
Moving and ongoing place processes
The ‘Discovery’of Social Behaviorism and Social Learning Theory, 1870–1980
How do teachers understand research when they read it?
The nature of cognitive strategy instruction: Interactive strategy construction
Dr Liu Thai Ker: Singapore needs to plan for 10 million population
Important skills and knowledge
Research on a modified framework of implicit personality theories
Secrets of the brain
Dyadic social interaction as an alternative reward to cocaine
Relations of parenting and temperament to Chinese children’s experience of negative life events, coping efficacy, and externalising problems
Event structure in perception and conception
Scientific research on bullying and cyberbullying: where have we been and where are we going
The Catalyst Effect: 12 Skills and Behaviors to Boost Your Impact and Elevate Team Performance
Relationships among school climate domains and school satisfaction
On ‘Obedience to Authority.’
Johnson, Dominic. 2016. God Is Watching You: How the Fear of God Makes Us Human.
Excitation and hedonic valence in the effect of erotica on motivated intermale aggression
Dual identity and psychological adjustment: A study among immigrant-origin members
Exploring sociocultural perspectives on race, culture, and learning
Self-efficacy: An essential motive to learn
Defining and contextualizing robust sport-confidence
Investigating self-regulation and motivation: Historical background, methodological developments, and future prospects
A systematic review of studies examining the relationship between reported racism and health and wellbeing for children and young people
Gendered Resources, Division of Housework and Perceived Fairness: A Case in Urban China
Resistance as leadership: A critical, discursive perspective
Systematic review of theoretical studies on bullying and cyberbullying: Facts, knowledge, prevention, and intervention
The efficacy of mindfulness-based stress reduction on mental health of breast cancer patients: A meta-analysis
Towards a taxonomy of common factors in psychotherapy—results of an expert survey
Human Striatal Response to Salient Nonrewarding Stimuli
Changing perspectives on early childhood: Theory, research and policy
Arend, R. 90 Aronson, E. 55 Atchley, RC 158 Bachtold, LM 72
Football’s most effective manager
Continual-activation theory of dreaming
Experience and desire: A new format for sensation seeking scales
Dysfunctional control by client verbal behavior: The context of reason giving
Moral disengagement revisited
Organizational learning in the aviation business
Integrating social impacts into cost benefit analysis: A participative method: Case study: The NSW Area Assistance Scheme
Controversial Psychological Research Methods and Their Influence on the Development of Formal Ethical Guidelines
The relationship between parental involvement, self-regulated learning, and reading achievement of fifth graders: A path analysis using the ECLS-K database
Dependency and self criticism
Growing Primacy of Human Agency in the Coevolution Process
Why We Need a Journal with the Title Evolutionary Studies in Imaginative Culture
Building on pre-treatment change to construct the therapeutic solution: An exploratory study
Why Performance Appraisals Don’t Improve Performance
Psychodrama with children in a sociometrically structured setting
The emerging meanings of religiousness and spirituality: problems and prospects
Wake Up!(And Reclaim Instructional Design)
Investigating self-regulation and motivation: Historical background, methodological developments, and future prospects
Psychological-mindedness
Deinstitution-alization, Social Rejection, and the Self-Esteem of Former Mental Patients.
Work in the family and employing organization
Feeling and Thinking: Preferences Need No Inferences
Psychotherapy: the humanistic (and effective) treatment
Eye in the Sky
Consequences of influence tactics used with subordinates, peers, and the boss
Trouble in Paradise
What is a Knowledge-Based Organisation?
Catanzaro, M., 20 Cattell, JM, 225 Cattell, RB, 228, 229
Self-efficacy
Blaske, DM 162, 170
Research on workplace creativity: A review and redirection
Transcending cognitive individualism
Moral Disengagement: How People Do Harm and Live with Themselves, by Albert Bandura. New York: Macmillan, 2016. 544 pp. ISBN: 978-1
A generic approach for systematic analysis of sports videos
Theoretical models of culture shock and adaptation in international students in higher education
The plural self and a Taoist orientation in two cultures
A preliminary, randomized trial of psychoeducation for women with borderline personality disorder
Medicine as an Institution of Social Control
Self-regulated learning of a motoric skill: The role of goal setting and self-monitoring
First, make meaning: An ethics of encounter for health care reform
Doshi, A. 112 Doty, JL 125 Dreikurs, R. 6 Dunne, M. 106
Standards and Goal Systems
Time discounting and discounting time
Bullying in school
You may!
Learning to detect deception
A Multilevel Analysis of the Risk of Household Burglary in the City of Tianjin, China
Effeminate behavior present in boys from early childhood: I. The clinical syndrome and follow-up studies
Whose culture has capital? A critical race theory discussion of community cultural wealth
A multimethod examination of the relationship between coaching behaviour and athletes inherent self-talk
Becoming a self-regulated writer: A social-cognitive perspective
Interpersonal and Intrapersonal theories of motivation from an attributional perspective
The fundamental conflict with psycho-analysis
Display rules for anger, sadness, and pain: It depends on who is watching
Nie (neo) behawiorystyczne teorie uczenia się ludzi i innych zwierząt
Aarts, Henk, 46 Achenreiner, Gwen B., 242 Adamy, Janet, 237 Adelman, Mara B., 342 Advertising Age, 218
Comment: Pathology of Imprisonment
Face perception: domain specific, not process specific
Stereotype threat increases the likelihood that female drivers in a simulator run over jaywalkers
The word on Women—Failure to protect: Enduring challenges for peacekeeping in the DRC
Medicine as an instrument of social control
God, freedom and evil: Perspectives from religion and science
Adler, Alfred 4 Anna Freud Clinic 37 Association for Humanistic Psychology 149–55, 159 astrological birth chart 166
The problem of ‘under-achieving boys’: Some responses from English secondary schools
Arnold, KA 54 Arntz, DL 279, 283 Aronoff, JR 211
An Outline of Psycho-Analysis.
Bandura, Albert
ТЕОРИЯ ОБМЕНА
Hypnotically catalyzing experiential learning across treatments for depression: actions can speak louder than moods
MOTIVATIONAL COACHING
Halligan, PW 271-95 Hansen, CH and RD 258, 259, 260
Crutchfield, C. 62 Cuatrecasas, P. 36 Curtis, C. 209 Delbruck, M. 36
Categorical versus dimensional classification: implications from and for research
Byron, T. 152 Cafe, R. 133 Calder, M. 23 Calladine, D. 58 Cantrell, PJ 68
Ayotte and Hussein 175, 185
Doing Gender
Towards a characterization of minimal consciousness
Martin M. Antony
The concept of mental representations in light of recent infant research
A Systematic Review of Molecular Imaging (PET and SPECT) in Autism Spectrum Disorder: Current State and Future Research Opportunities
Gold Medal Award for Life Achievement in the Science of Psychology
The Blacksburg Electronic Village
Feeling and Thinking: Preferences Need No Inferences
On Shaping One's Future
Handling resistance in depressed patients
Aureli, E., 96 Avenanti, A., 209
Notes on Editors and Contributors
Structural incoherence and stock market activity
A comparative study of erotomanic and obsessional subjects in a forensic sample
Social Exchange Theory under scrutiny: A positive critique of its economic-behaviorist formulations [Electronic Version]
Positive Psychology…
Index of authors cited
Bureaucracy and Freedom: NM Korkunov’s Theory of the State
Toward an understanding of the behavioural intentions to use an information system.
Social norm design for information exchange systems with limited observations.
Feminist grounded theory: An exploration of the congruency and tensions between two traditions in knowledge discovery
Merton with Energy, Katz with Structure: The Sociology of Vindictiveness and the Criminology of Transgression
Employment, Peers and Life-Course Transitions
Towards a theory of oppression
Treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: cognitive behavior therapy vs. exposure and response prevention
G. Terence Wilson
G. Terence Wilson
Working with young offenders
Perspectives into learning at the workplace
Effective teaching: Exercising self-efficacy and thought control of action.
Predictors and outcomes of proactivity in the socialization process.
On the Acquisition of Language by Children
Addressing Population Growth: Social Cognitive Theory Goes Global
Aging, chronic illness and self-concept: A study of women with osteoporosis
witnessing the affective reactions of others undergoing painful or pleasur-able experiences; fearful and avoidant responsivity can be extinguished vicariously through observing …
Note: The letter ‘n’following the locators refers to the notes respectively.
Pseudo-mutuality in the family relations of schizophrenics
Cuban, G., 6 Cuban, L., 79
Multivariate Data Analysis.
Student activities-Science and theory building
Albert Bandura 45
Caldwell, KA, 280 Carlberg, C., 293 Carnoy, M., 125 Cassells, C., 83
The Relation Between Chosen Role Models and the Self-Esteem of Men and Women
Abbott, L. and Hervey, D. 188 Adams, S. et al 69, 131 Ahn, HJ 43 Ainsworth, MDS et al 165
Child behavior and parental attitudes
Vulnerability: a new view on schizophrenia
Concordance of self-and informant ratings of adults’ current and childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms
On the structure of motor recognition memory
Standardisation for halal food.
The Moral Ambiguity of Personhood
Executives: How do you Plan on Boosting Performance?
Understanding and sharing intentions: The origins of cultural cognition
Gender-differentiated experiences in peer culture: Links to intimacy in preadolescence
Stress response in total and partial perceptual isolation
G. Terence Wilson
The influence of children’s facial maturity on parental expectations and punishments
CBNR 361, 367 Celinska, Barbara 11, 227, 438 Center for Nonproliferation Studies 373 charismatic 281, 406, 456
Blind children, 4 Bridgman, Laura, 9 Brown vs. Board of Education, 80, 86, 88, 92, 93, 102
Social support, verbal interaction, and cognitive function among middle-aged and older adults in the Wisconsin registry for Alzheimer’s prevention (WRAP) study
Babyak, M., 297 Baer, L., 168 Baer, R., 79 Baisden, B., 289
Adjudicating entitlements: the emerging discourses of research ethics boards
Mindsets that promote resilience: When students believe that personal characteristics can be developed
Gold Medal Award for Life Achievement in the Science of Psychology
chology at Stanford University. He is a proponent of social cognitive theory. In this theory, self-development, adaptation, and change are the products of a reciprocal …
Evaluation of a preventive intervention for maltreated infants and toddlers in foster care
Al Gilguleyhen shel derashot’Al-tikrei.’
Genetic diversity and disease control in rice
Measurement and Assessment in Schools.
Baldwin, MW, 245 Balentine, AC, 112 Ball, C., 254 Ball, D., 11
Feeling and thinking
The origins of love and hate by ID Suttie
State Abandons Mentally Ill to City Streets
Hg Wells Essays (Examples)
Statistical Power Analysis for the Behavioral Sciences.
Barreto-Filho, JAS, 523 Barretti, BB, 1163 Barsanti, R., 1163 Bartels, NK, 1081
ATTITUDES AND SOCIAL COGNITION
318 AUTHOR INDHX
Relationship Between Patient Source of Payment and the Intensity of Hospital Services
Rasha A. Abdulla is a doctoral candidate in the School of Communication, University of Miami. Her research interests include development communica-tion and entertainment …
Birth order: reconciling conflicting effects
Bang, R., 29 Barcelona, D., 104 Baroda Operations Research Group, 64 Barofsky, I., 163
Getting religion on corporate ethics: A scourge of scandals leaves its mark
Trust and Managerial Problem Solving
Glossary of Theorists
The testing of clinical skills in dietetic students prior to entering clinical placement.
Identification enfantine et reproduction de comportements violents
Randomized controlled trial of nurse care management for heart failure
Compas, BE 73 Connell, JP 37 251
Barnes, GM, 83 Barnett, LW, 1 13 Barnett, NP. 1 23 Barrett, D., 1 14 Barrett, J., 69
Christianity according to its interpreters
Criminality in XYY and XXV Men
TH EORIES IN HEALTH PSYCHOLOGY
The mediating role of self-efficacy in the development of entrepreneurial intentions.
Computer self-efficacy: Development of a measure and initial test.
Our thanks are due to the following people who gave their time and expertise to review papers submitted to the journal during 2001. Ackerman, PL Adan, A.
on the boundaryless career 27, 36, 46, 47. 48, 59, 61, 62,125, 229, 23o, 248 on film industry 19o. 192 on international assignment 167.
Birmingham City Council Education Department 135, 136 Bjorkqvist, K. 6, 137, 202 Blatchford, P. 133, 134, 135, 145,161
NAME AND SUBJECT INDEX
Author Ind
Freedom and Self-Determination
Obituary: Margret M. Baltes (1939–1999).
The Coverage of Land Day in the Israeli Press
The Relation between Desire and False Belief in Children’s Theory of Mind: No Satisfaction?
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), 209 Autism, 122. 163
Child Abuse Reconsidered: The Urgency of Authentic Prevention
APPLIED C''PREVENTIVE
Knowing someone with AIDS: The impact on adolescents
Neuroanatomy of memory
Nonverbal strategies for decoding deception
Adland, MI 264 Agathonos-Georgopoulou, H. 171 Akhtar, S. 156 Alam, F. 148
The mediating role of self-efficacy in the development of entrepreneurial intentions.
The effect of dynamic versus isometric resistance training on pain and functioning among adults with osteoarthritis of the knee.
Abrahams, C. 88 Achenbach, TM and Edelbrock, CS 84 Acland, H. 160 Adorno, TWE, Frenkel-Brunswick, LD and Sanford, RN 249
Blaxter, M. and Paterson, E. 50 Bloom, BS 176 Blum, RH 148
Ashworth, A. 319 Atkins, Coleen 242 Atkinson, M. 162 Atlas, Rabdal 27
PSYCI-OL (Z) GY
Toward a theory of organizational creativity
Comte, x Coombs, CH, 31, 36 Cox. LE, 205,207 Darwin, C., 29, 36
Psychological factors in rheumatoid arthritis
Cavalli-Sforza, LL, 36, 16 Cezanne, xii Chase, PN, xv Chen, 16, 36
139-43, 148, 186; co-author of Chapter 6; see also Grafton, ST et al.; Jeannerod, M. et al. Armstrong, DF: et al. 128 Armstrong, SL: et al 10-11, 21, 41-2
Briefly Exploring Personal and Sociocultural Dimensions of Self-Efficacy: A Review of Self-Efficacy in Changing Societies
PSYCROLOGY
Extending the social information processing perspective: New links to attitudes, behaviors, and perceptions
Ways of playing
The Kraken Wakes: corporate social responsibility and the political dynamics of the hazardous waste issue
Crisis theory: A paradigm of effective intervention with families of critically ill people
Service quality delivery through web sites: A critical review of extant knowledge.
Beck, AT, 137,146
An International Journal Devoted to the Application of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences to Clinical Problems Editor: Frank Andrasik Associate Editors: J. Gayle Beck
Victim injury death in urban robbery: A Chicago study
One mans theories. Beliefs in ones personal efficacy is the foundation of action.
An International Journal Devoted to the Application of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences to Clinical Problems Editor: Frank Andrasik Associate Editors: J. Gayle Beck Michael G. Dow
A Longitudinal Analysis of the Turnover Process
Changes—up to Our Necks in It: Self-efficacy in Tough Times
Bales, 96
Viewer’s moral sanction of retribution in the appreciation of dramatic presentations
Facial, autonomic, and subjective components of emotion: The facial feedback hypothesis versus the externalizer-internalizer distinction
Cross-Cultural Training: The Challenges
Bashing Bobo
Bandura wrote in Self-Efficacy in Changing Societies:“The higher the students’ beliefs in their efficacy to regulate their own motivation and learning activities, the more …
Ethical Issues in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: One Christian Viewpoint
Over-and Under-Achievement in Reading: Distribution in the General Population
Determinants of moral attitudes
Conservatism and perceptions of poverty: An attributional analysis
Bromwich, RM, 27 Bronfenbrenner, U., 4, 18 Brook, DN, 68 Brook, JS, 68
Associate Editors: Frank Andrasik
Nathan Maccoby (1912–1992)
Caffyn, RE 104 California Annual Crime Report (1987) 175 Callias, M. 6, 7. 9, 18 Cameron, S. 167
Editor: Dr S. RACI-IX~ N, Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6T 1Z4
Argyris, C. 128 Auerswald, EH 101 Bain, A. 147 Balint, M. 136
An International Journal Devoted to the Application of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences to Clinical Problems
Effects of attribution training on the assembly task performance of mentally retarded adults
Bronfenbrenner, U. 232 Bronson, GW 26 Brooks-Gunn, J. 36, 37, 42, 58, 86 Brown, R. 48
Social movement organizations: growth, decay and change.
Compas, BE 73 Connell, JP 37
Breeden, Douglas T., 221, 225 Brinkman, Paul T., 12n2, 212 Brovender, Shlomo, 212 Camerer, C., 47n2 Cameron, Steven, 5, 65n3, 67n7, 83nl9
407 Bohr, N., 215 Borys, B., 317, i27 Bougon, MG, 180,277
An International Journal Devoted to the Application of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences to Clinical Problems
Investidura del profesor Doctor Albert Bandura como Doctor" Honoris Causa."
Name lndex
The Over-socialized Conception of Man in Modern Sociology
Numbers in italics denote pages with complete bibliographic information.
American Psychiatric Association, 72
A TAM framework to evaluate Users perception towards online electronic payments.
How do the American people feel about the atomic bomb?
Boyd, C. 83 Brackhill, Y. 140 Brazelton, TB 63, 150, 207, 234 Bremner, G. 5 Bretherton, I. 23
Page numbers in italics denotes complete biographical information.
A conceptual model of entrepreneurship as firm behavior.
Do personality traits predict work values of Chinese college students?
Brehm JW 150,158 Brekke N 159 Bretherton I 177 Brewer MB 152, 158
Contributors' Biographies
An International Journal Devoted to the Application of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences to Clinical Problems
The probability of premarital intercourse
MOST ADVANCED TRAINING IN SELF DEFENSE & PERSONAL SAFETY MOST ADVANCED TRAINING IN SELF DEFENSE & PERSONAL SAFETY
Role Model Mastery Program
Adler, Alfred 3 Anna Freud Clinic 37 Association for Humanistic Psychology 148–4, 154, 158 astrology 165
Violence: biological need and social control
Analysis of stimulus control treatment of sleep-onset insomnia
Broughton, JM, 14, 20, 238, 248♦ Numbers in italics indicate occurrence of name in reference lists.
Compliant Actions
Investigation of the sexually abused child
Agence France Presse (2005), Czech mobile phone penetration exceeds 100 percent in 2004, Technology. Disignerz. com, January 19. URL: http://technology. news. desi-gnerz. com …
Bijou, SW, 161
The Influence of School Camping on the Self-concepts and Social Relationships of Sixth Grade School Children
EFFECT OF COGNITIVE-FACTORS AND MOTOR REHEARSAL ON OBSERVATIONAL-LEARNING
Awards for Distinguished Scientific Contributions: 1987
Albert Bandura: Part 2
Life events and perceptions of life quality: Developments in a two-factor approach
A preface to the theory of hypnotism
Armor, D. et al. 23 Arnot, M. 157,158, 171 Aronowitz, S. 35 Ashton, PT 2, 22-40
Truancy: a study of mental, scholastic and social conditions in the problem of non-attendance at school
Walking in the newborn
Achenbach, TM, 267 Acker man, Nathan, 15 Adler, Alfred, 9 Allport, Gordon, 434, 436 Aristotle, 30
The Mother-Conflict in Schreber’s Psychosis
Review of D. Yankelovich, New Rules
A self-evaluation token system versus an external evaluation token system alone in a residential setting with predelinquent youth
Alcohol, Drug Abuse, and Mental Health Administration, 351, 361, 371, 386 Aldrich, J., 49 Alexander, J., 25, 37
Bell, S., 183,201,217
Cognitive representation and visual guidance in observational motor learning
The challenges of implementing gold dinar in Kelantan: An empirical analysis.
Awards for Distinguished Scientific Contributions: 1984
自己効力 (セルフエフカシー) の探求
VISUAL MONITORING AND REHEARSAL PROCESSES IN OBSERVATIONAL-LEARNING
Principios de modificación de conducta
Articles to appear in forthcoming issues
Behaviorism, and realism, 233 Berkeley, 206 Bernoulli, 125, 126 Bias, its role in selection of events, 32 Biological approach to development, 90, 91
Awards for Distinguished Scientific Contributions: 1982
Gender, female traditionality, achievement level and cognitions of success and failure
Microanalysis of Actionand Fear Arousal as a Function of
Aggression: Kine sozial-lerntheoretische Anyalyse
PREDICTING VIOLENCE IN YOUTHS IS RISKY
IS TELEVISION A SCHOOL FOR AGGRESSION
PREVENTING VIOLENCE-BEFORE AND AFTER THE 1ST OFFENSE
CITATION CLASSIC-SOCIAL-LEARNING AND PERSONALITY-DEVELOPMENT
Effects of TM and muscle relaxation on trait anxiety, maladjustment, locus of control, and drug use
What is the sensation seeker? Personality trait and experience seeking correlates of the sensation-seeking scales
Understanding information technology usage: A test of competing models.
Applied Management Sciences, 281, 286 Aronson, E., 119 Assembly of Life Sciences-Institute of Medicine, NRC-NAS (National Research Council, National Academy
Albert Bandura, Aggression: A Social Learning Analysis,* 1973, pp. 39-53. Reprinted by per-mission of Prentice-Hall, Inc., Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. 141
From Psychology in the Schools, 1964, 1, 224-231. Reprinted by permission of the author and The Clinical Psychology Publishing Company, Inc. 22
Social Learning Perspective: Mechanisms of Aggression (From Psychology of Crime and Criminal Justice, P 198-236, 1979, Hans Toch, ed.--See NCJ-118234)
AII luternational, l/ulti-Disciplinary Jourml
Guest reviewers
SOCIAL LEARNING PERSPECTIVE-MECHANISMS OF AGGRESSIONS (FROM PSYCHOLOGY OF CRIME AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE, 1979, BY HANS TOCH-SEE NCJ-52371)
SECTION II: SYSTEMATIC DESENSITIZATION, FLOODING, MODELING, ASSERTION TRAINING, AND COGNITIVE RESTRUCTURING
SECTION III: BIOFEEDBACK AND OTHER STRATEGIES IN SELF-MANAGEMENT
SELF-REINFORCEMENT: THEORETICAL AND METHODOLOGICAL
Interpersonal Attitudes of Teachers and Advantaged and Disadvantaged Pupils
AND THE BEHAVIOR OF MODELS IN SHAPING CHILDREN'S MORAL JUDGMENTS
Psychology Department
Observational learning: Theoretical and empirical considerations
Doing your own thing with precision: The essence of behavior management in the classroom
The following additional consultants have helped the Editors and the Editorial Board in the evaluation of manuscripts for Volume 6 of Behavior Therapy. Their invaluable …
Herzberger, Sharon D., 168 Hogg, Elizabeth, 21 K Kasner, KH, 191
Nueva York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston, 1963. Baskett, GD y Nysewander, RW Drug use correlatos. Psychology: A Journal of Human Behavior, 1973. 10. En prensa. Becker, HS Mariguana …
Human Motives and the Concept of the Self
Acquisition of Performance Standards of Self-Reinforcement
Behavioural engineering—reconstruction of responses
THE DEVELOPMENT OF SELF-CONTROL ALBERT BANDURA AND RICHARD H. WALTERS
Resistance and conformity under reward and punishment
Aggression: A Social Learning System
8.3 I ON MODELING
ARTICLE 12 Vicarious Extinction of Avoidance Behavior*'
Behavior Therapy: Appraisal and Status
Some trends in the development of concrete reasoning in children: a note to Jan Smedslund's' Concrete Reasoning: a study in intellectual development.
SELECTION OF OBJECTIVES AND ETHICAL ISSUES OF BEHAVIORAL CONTROL
Physiological factors and personality in children
Resources preservice teachers use to think about student writing
Some aspects of motivation in success and failure at university
Index to Volume 37
Theory and Therapy.(Book Reviews: Principles of Behavior Modification; Learning Foundations of Behavior Therapy)
COMBINATORIAL IDENTITIES
An introduction to the behavioral approach: a review
An International Multi-Disciplinary Journal
Five-minute psychotherapy
19 Relative Efficacy of Self-Monitored and Externally Imposed Reinforcement Systems1
Extinction of Avoidance Behavior
Learning by Observation
JUDGMENTS
Individuation and socialization
Reinforcement therapy: An antidote for therapeutic pessimism
Buytendijk, FJ J 35
THE JOURNAL OF APPLIED BEHAVIOR ANALYSIS
tive play of a preschool child BETTY M. HART, NANCY J. REYNOLDS, DONALD M. BAER, ELEANOR R.
Social Learning of Dependence Behavior
358 BEHAVIORAL THEORIES
DENTIFICATION AS A PROCESS OF INCIDENTAL LEARNING1
Research in Behavior Modification: New Developments and Implications. Contributors: Albert Bandura
14. Psychotherapy as a Learning Process Albert Bandura
and Sheila A. Ross
IRVING L. JANIS AND BERT T. KING
CHAPTER IX Aggression
Some Problems of Theory and Definition
Comments on Dr. Epstein’s paper
VISUAL SENSITIVITY TO DIFFERENCES IN VELOCITY
THE CHILD-REARING FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE DEVELOPMENT OF AGGRESSIVE-BEHAVIOR DISORDERS IN ADOLESCENT BOYS
bei Kindern-eine Diskussion
Louise Erdrich Essays (Examples)
Bruner
Qualitative vs. Quantitative Research
Humanism
Locators preceded by a number in bold refer to the e-Chapters on the Internet. So 5. 17–18 refers to e-Chapter 5 pages 17 and 18. Locators followed by f indicate figures …
Casey Anthony Essays (Examples)
Erik Erikson Essays (Examples)
Apatow, John J., 86 Arai, Tsuruko. See Haraguchi, Tsuruko Argyris, Chris, 247, 291 Arthur, W., Jr., 2, 85–86, 151 Ash, P., 297–298
Références bibliographiques Raccourcis
L’école et les représentations d’avenir des adolescents
Association for the Prevention of Torture, 15, 32, 54, 70, 93 Torture Prevention in Practice, 60, 72 Yes, Torture Prevention Works, 95–96 atrocity-producing situation, 136, 138 …
Women's M Heel PS040 New Unisex Ladies Boots Punk Gothic Leather S1 Heavy Ankle Black Cyber Rock Men's 8w5f5A
Oedipal Complex
DENT DE LION: REFLECTION STATEMENT
Journal of Experimental
rna f
AT_EHOR lNDEX
Aderhold, Volkmar 373, 390, 429 Adler, Alfred 32 Ainsworth, Mary 64 Alain 312, 335
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology
AYUDA| SALIR
Billig, MG 202 Bird, K. 180–182 Birkett, H. 342 Blakeslee, S. 159
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology
American Bar Association and Insti-tute of Judicial Administration, 247, 250 Ames, M. Ashley, 446, 474 Ander, Roseanna, 54
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology
Faculty of Arts & Culture Eastern University, Sri Lanka
Empowering LTUs Older Workers through Coaching & Personal Branding
Ajzen, I.,“From Intentions to Actions: A Theory of Planned Behavior,” in KJ Beckman, and J. Beckman, eds, Action Control: From Cognition to Behavior, Berlin: Springer, 1985, pp …
Cao, YM, 53
A one-day conference held at the Australian Graduate School of Management on 8th July, 1987, in honour of Malcolm Fisher on his retirement. Robert Marks and Peter Swan …
PSICOLOGÍA DEL DESARROLLO
S. Coquillart et al.(eds.), Virtual Realities, DOI 10.1007/978-3-211-99178-7, c Springer-Verlag/Wien 2011
Burney-Parker, E., 141n Burns, JA, I 4, 28 Butter, E., 84, 87 Byrne, D., I6, 31, 64, 67, I40, 142 Calabresi, G., 108n, 109
7 behavior therapy G. Terence Wilson
Aggressive Model, Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology, 63.-Bandure, A (1973) Aggression, A social Learning Analysis, New York, prentice Hill, INC
affirmative action (AA) 11, 142 see also equal employment agency labour 46 Agle, BR 124, 127
Edited by Joseph A. Allen, Nale Lehmann-Willenbrock and Steven G. Rogelberg Index More information
Carr-Saunders, AM et al., 362,363 Carson, TL et al., 83 Child, J., 338 Christensen Hughes, JM, xi, 3
Parental Involvement and Academic Performance of Pupils in San Lorenzo Ruiz Academy: A Basis for Parenting Program Karren Catly (2012) MAED–Administration and Supervision
Index des noms propres
Unger, Hans-Peter 17 f., 24, 131 Weiss, Halko 53 Zimmer, Heinrich 53
Mark Twain Essays (Examples)
Higher education and performance: examining at-risk...
In the article by K. Okamoto" Effects of excessive similarity feedback on subsequent mood, pursuit of difference, and preference for novelty of scarcity" published in Japanese …
Etude de la motivation de quatre apprentis
Psicologia sociale: cos’ è e perché è così importante?
Empfehlungen zum Weiterlesen
are associated with this
Qualitative vs. Quantitative
An International Multi-disciplinary Journal Editor: Dr S. RACHMAN, Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Founding Editor …
O’LEARY, MR, 61
THEORIST THEORY IMPLIED 21st CENTURY FUTURES
Albert Camus Essays (Examples)
Developmental Questions
Behavioral Therapy
بررسي رابطه خودكارآمدي تحصيلي با پيشرفت تحصيلي در دانش آموزان دختر سال دوم دبيرستان شهر تهران (گرايش هاي علوم رياضي و علوم انساني)‎
Kolb-Learning Styles
Aitchison, RA, 181 Alford, H., 259 Azrin, NH, 147,279
Editorial Council
The foregoing storm and stress picture of adolescence receives little support from detailed information that Dr. Walters and I obtained in a study of middle class
adaptation and change
haviors (Mussen & Distler, 1959, 1960) to a greater extent than boys whose fathers are relatively cold and unrewarding. One interpretation of the relationship be
Going Global VVith Social Cognitive Theory: From Prospect to Paydirt
BEQ July 2016 Vol. 26, No. 3
16.7 Fazit
Carl Jung
Attribution Theory
Formal Operational Stage
Likert Scale
Serial Position Effect
Stress and Life Events
Short Term Memory
The Preoperational Stage of Cognitive Development
Theories of Selective Attention
Carl Rogers
What is Validity?
Moscovici and Minority Influence
Stress, Illness and the Immune System
Allport (1920)–Social Facilitation
Prejudice and Discrimination
Levels of Processing
Early Theories
Loftus and Palmer
Stress Management
Defense Mechanisms
Years of Education
The Milgram Experiment
Bowlby's Attachment Theory
Social Facilitation
Kohlberg's Stages of Moral Development
Sensorimotor Stage
Eyewitness Testimony
The Psychology of Compliance
Humanistic Psychology Assumptions
What is Conformity?
Long-Term Memory
Cognitive Interview
Theories of Personality
Pavlov's Dogs
Attitudes and Behavior
Multi Store Model of Memory
Psychodynamic Approach
Basic Assumptions
Trace Decay Theory of Forgetting
Unconscious Mind
Person Centered Therapy
Type A Personality
Self Concept
Cultural Differences in Attachment
Working Memory
Nature vs. Nurture in Psychology
Visual Perception Theory
Racial Stereotypes
Criticisms of Memory Experiments
Solomon Asch-Conformity Experiment
The Medical Model
Closed Questions
Historical Origins
Behaviorist Approach
Tolman-Latent Learning
Concrete Operational Stage
Case Study Method
Psychoanalysis Assumptions
Biological Approach
Biological Theories of Gender
MEDIOS SOCIALES DE EDUCACION INFORMAL. DOS EJEMPLOS EN EL SIGLO XIX: SERMONES Y ALMANAQUES
L’importance primordiale de l’autorégulation dans la promotion de la santé
Midterm paper: Three Evaluated Papers Are displays of aggressive behavior conditioned or is aggression hereditary?
Adams P.,(1999), Salute! Ovvero come un medico clown cura gratuitamente i pazienti con l’allegria e l’amore, Milano, URRA. Arnheim R.,(1974), Il pensiero visivo, Torino …
Bruner's Three Modes of Representation
Freewill and Determinism
Perceptual Set
Cognitive Dissonance
Mechanisms of Moral Disengagement: How People Do Harm and Live with Themselves
Bobo Doll Experiment
Positive emotions–cítit se dobře
MIA CLARK, MPH, RD; GHASSAN GHANDOUR, PhD; NANCY HOUSTON MILLER, RN
Reviving hope in discouraged youth
VICARIOUS PROCESSES: A CASE OF NO-TRIAL LEARNING1
Experimental Child Psychology
Tézy-prehľad kľúčových autorov a pojmov k predmetu" Psychológia osobnosti" 2007
Psych 101: Introductory Psychology Lab
An International Journal Devoted to the Application of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences to Clinical Problems
Aims and Scope of the Journal
Este es un libro de texto electrónico (e-book) creado para estudiantes y graduados universitarios sobre teorías de la personalidad. Aunque posee derechos de propiedad, puede …
Bandura, A.(2006). Autobiography. MG Lindzey & WM Runyan (Eds.), A history of psychology in autobiography (Vol. IX). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.
JOHN NEWMARK, MS, LMHC
The Impact of a Historical Paper on Modern Psychology: Cognitive Processes Mediating Behaviour Change
Myth:‘Therapy Is Only for Treating Disorders, Not for Personal Growth’
Experimental Child Psychology
Výtah z článku
Lauren Boyer Shepherd University
Anticipatory and Self-Reactive Mechanisms
JOHN D. NEWMARK, LMHC
The inside of evil
AGRESJA DZIECI WIEKU PRZEDSZKOLNEGO I MŁODSZOSZKOLNEGO
AMSTERDAM—LONDON—NEW YORK—OXFORD—PARIS—TOKYO—BOSTON—SAN DIEGO—ST. LOUIS—PHILADELPHIA
Reading Motivation
Encyclopedia> Albert Bandura
Self-efficacy: Educational Aspects
Albert Bandura Information
Estrés Traumático. com Ansiedad-Estrés-Trauma
Бандура А., Уолтерс Р. Принципы социального научения//Современная зарубежная социальная психология. М.: Издательство Московского университета, 1984. С. 55-60
RACHEL AZRIN
Lernolympiade». Baltmannsweiler: Schneider. Bandura, A.(2001). Social Cognitive Theory: An Agentic Perspective. An-nual Review of Psychology, 52, 1–
Alsaker, FD y Olweus, D.(1992). Parental relationships, peer relationships, and the development of depressive tendencies in adolescence. Paper presented at the biennial meeting …
In RJ Sternberg & J. Kolligian, Jr.(Eds.), Reflections on Nonabilify
Monthly Archives: February 2012
Social Cognitive Theory for Personal and Social
Contributors and Editor
Altruistic World Online Library
In RJ Sternberg & J. Kolligian, Jr.(Eds.), Reﬂections on Nonabl-my Competence considered (pp. 3l_5-362)..
Feature: Health & Wellbeing–Resilience: Helping at-risk students
