Affective neuroscience: The foundations of human and animal emotions
Self-referential processing in our brain—a meta-analysis of imaging studies on the self
The role of nucleus accumbens dopamine in motivated behavior: a unifying interpretation with special reference to reward-seeking
Toward a general psychobiological theory of emotions
The archaeology of mind: Neuroevolutionary origins of human emotions
Affective consciousness: Core emotional feelings in animals and humans
Brain substrates of infant–mother attachment: contributions of opioids, oxytocin, and norepinephrine
The emotional sources of" chills" induced by music
The neurobiology of positive emotions
Emotional sounds and the brain: the neuro-affective foundations of musical appreciation
Endogenous opioids and social behavior
The seven sins of evolutionary psychology
Ultrasonic vocalizations as indices of affective states in rats.
The biology of social attachments: opiates alleviate separation distress.
Sleep as a fundamental property of neuronal assemblies
At the interface of the affective, behavioral, and cognitive neurosciences: Decoding the emotional feelings of the brain
“Laughing” rats and the evolutionary antecedents of human joy?
The psychobiology of play: theoretical and methodological perspectives
The ontogeny of play in rats
Acute effects of steroid hormones and neuropeptides on human social–emotional behavior: a review of single administration studies
Anticipation of play elicits high-frequency ultrasonic vocalizations in young rats.
A neurochemical theory of autism
Behavioral functions of the mesolimbic dopaminergic system: an affective neuroethological perspective
Feeling the pain of social loss
Neurobiology of 50-kHz ultrasonic vocalizations in rats: electrode mapping, lesion, and pharmacology studies
Brain Systems for the Mediation of Social Separation‐Distress and Social‐Reward Evolutionary Antecedents and Neuropeptide Intermediariesa
Effects of morphine and naloxone on separation distress and approach attachment: Evidence for opiate mediation of social affect
Neurologizing the psychology of affects: How appraisal-based constructivism and basic emotion theory can coexist
Social deprivation and play in rats
The periconscious substrates of consciousness: Affective states and the evolutionary origins of the SELF
A critical role for" affective neuroscience" in resolving what is basic about basic emotions.
Ultrasonic vocalizations of rats (Rattus norvegicus) during mating, play, and aggression: Behavioral concomitants, relationship to reward, and self-administration of playback..
Aggression elicited by electrical stimulation of the hypothalamus in albino rats
The basic emotional circuits of mammalian brains: do animals have affective lives?
50-kHz chirping (laughter?) in response to conditioned and unconditioned tickle-induced reward in rats: effects of social housing and genetic variables
Emotions as natural kinds within the mammalian brain
What is basic about basic emotions? Lasting lessons from affective neuroscience
The role of brain emotional systems in addictions: a neuro‐evolutionary perspective and new ‘self‐report’animal model
Frequency-modulated 50 kHz ultrasonic vocalizations: a tool for uncovering the molecular substrates of positive affect
Brain opioids and social emotions
The long-term psychobiological consequences of infant emotions: Prescriptions for the twenty-first century
Nucleus accumbens amphetamine microinjections unconditionally elicit 50-kHz ultrasonic vocalizations in rats.
The “Id” knows more than the “Ego” admits: Neuropsychoanalytic and primal consciousness perspectives on the interface between affective and cognitive neuroscience
Emotional endophenotypes in evolutionary psychiatry
A proposal for a coordinated effort for the determination of brainwide neuroanatomical connectivity in model organisms at a mesoscopic scale
The affective neuroscience personality scales: Normative data and implications
Textbook of biological psychiatry
Anticipation of rewarding electrical brain stimulation evokes ultrasonic vocalization in rats.
Cross-species affective neuroscience decoding of the primal affective experiences of humans and related animals
Tickling induces reward in adolescent rats
Reanalysis of feeding patterns in the rat.
An incentive model of rewarding brain stimulation.
Dissociations between appetitive and consummatory responses by pharmacological manipulations of reward-relevant brain regions.
High-frequency ultrasonic vocalizations index conditioned pharmacological reward in rats
Neurochemical control of moods and emotions: Amino acids to neuropeptides.
Neuroevolutionary sources of laughter and social joy: Modeling primal human laughter in laboratory rats
The neurochemistry of behavior
Opiates and play dominance in juvenile rats.
Ascending endorphin inhibition of distress vocalization
Can PLAY diminish ADHD and facilitate the construction of the social brain?
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorders, psychostimulants, and intolerance of childhood playfulness: A tragedy in the making?
Effects of neonatal decortication on the social play of juvenile rats
The neurochemical control of crying
The trans-species concept of self and the subcortical–cortical midline system
Emotions as viewed by psychoanalysis and neuroscience: An exercise in consilience
An autoradiographic map of (3H) diprenorphine binding in rat brain: effects of social interaction
Brain opioids: A neurochemical substrate for narcotic and social dependence
Emotional foundations of music as a non-pharmacological pain management tool in modern medicine
Cross-species affective functions of the medial forebrain bundle—implications for the treatment of affective pain and depression in humans
Reduction of distress vocalization in chicks by opiate-like peptides
Affective neuroscience of the emotional BrainMind: evolutionary perspectives and implications for understanding depression
Brain opioids and mother—infant social motivation
Human medial forebrain bundle (MFB) and anterior thalamic radiation (ATR): imaging of two major subcortical pathways and the dynamic balance of opposite affects in …
The neuro-evolutionary cusp between emotions and cognitions: Implications for understanding consciousness and the emergence of a unified mind science
Mood changes
The ‘resting-state hypothesis’ of major depressive disorder—A translational subcortical–cortical framework for a system disorder
Expression of c-fos gene activation during rough and tumble play in juvenile rats
Oxytocin mediates acquisition of maternally associated odor preferences in preweanling rat pups.
The Cambridge declaration on consciousness
Effects of hypothalamic lesions on mouse-killing and shock-induced fighting in rats
Is subcortical–cortical midline activity in depression mediated by glutamate and GABA? A cross-species translational approach
Toward a cross-species understanding of empathy
The trans-species core SELF: the emergence of active cultural and neuro-ecological agents through self-related processing within subcortical-cortical midline networks
Sensory modulation of juvenile play in rats
The SEEKING mind: primal neuro-affective substrates for appetitive incentive states and their pathological dynamics in addictions and depression
Opioid modulation of ingestive behavior
On the embodied neural nature of core emotional affects
Opioid blockade and social comfort in chicks
Brain emotional systems and qualities of mental life: From animal models of affect to implications for psychotherapeutics.
Oxytocin effects on emotional processes: separation distress, social bonding, and relationships to psychiatric disorders
The riddle of laughter: Neural and psychoevolutionary underpinnings of joy
The anatomy of emotions
Brain opioids and autism: an updated analysis of possible linkages
Chronic intermittent amphetamine pretreatment enhances future appetitive behavior for drug-and natural-reward: interaction with environmental variables
Archaeology of mind
Evolution, early experience and human development: From research to practice and policy
The brain's emotional foundations of human personality and the Affective Neuroscience Personality Scales
Depression: An evolutionarily conserved mechanism to terminate separation distress? A review of aminergic, peptidergic, and neural network perspectives
Imaging human emotions and affective feelings: Implications for biological psychiatry
Laughing rats? Playful tickling arouses high frequency ultrasonic chirping in young rodents
Possible brain opioid involvement in disrupted social intent and language development of autism
The affective brain and core consciousness: how does neural activity generate emotional feelings?
Low-dose naltrexone effects on plasma chemistries and clinical symptoms in autism: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Affective neuroscience: A conceptual framework for the neurobiological study of emotions
Beyond a joke: from animal laughter to human joy?
Differential parametric modulation of self‐relatedness and emotions in different brain regions
Can anthropomorphic analyses of separation cries in other animals inform us about the emotional nature of social loss in humans? Comment on Blumberg and Sokoloff (2001).
Hypervigilance for fear after basolateral amygdala damage in humans
The future of neuropeptides in biological psychiatry and emotional psychopharmacology: Goals and strategies
In search of the neurobiological substrates for social playfulness in mammalian brains
Effects of morphine and naloxone on play‐rewarded spatial discrimination in juvenile rats
Rough‐and‐tumble play in human children
Rewards, punishments, and related psychobiological processes
Modeling ADHD-type arousal with unilateral frontal cortex damage in rats and beneficial effects of play therapy
Evaluation of rat ultrasonic vocalizations as predictors of the conditioned aversive effects of drugs
Breeding for 50-kHz positive affective vocalization in rats
Drugs and stimulus-bound attack
Modulation of hypothalamic self-stimulation and escape behavior by chlordiazepoxide
Why does depression hurt? Ancestral primary-process separation-distress (PANIC/GRIEF) and diminished brain reward (SEEKING) processes in the genesis of depressive affect
Socially-induced brain ‘fertilization’: play promotes brain derived neurotrophic factor transcription in the amygdala and dorsolateral frontal cortex in juvenile rats
Feeding in response to repeated protamine zinc insulin injections
The effects of selective breeding for differential rates of 50‐kHz ultrasonic vocalizations on emotional behavior in rats
Naltrexone and other potential new pharmacological treatments of autism.
The neurobiology of emotions: Of animal brains and human feelings.
Neural and neurochemical control of the separation distress call
Morphine reduces social cohesion in rats
Mathematical analysis of energy regulatory patterns of normal and diabetic rats.
Insulin, glucose and hypothalamic regulation of feeding
Why does separation distress hurt? Comment on MacDonald and Leary (2005).
Comparative approaches in evolutionary psychology: Molecular neuroscience meets the mind
Rough and tumble play: A fundamental brain process.
The effects of early social isolation on the motivation for social play in juvenile rats
What is neuropsychoanalysis? Clinically relevant studies of the minded brain
Brief report: A double-blind study of naltrexone in infantile autism
The psychobiology of emotions: The animal side of human feelings
Personality and biological markers of creativity
Is satiety mediated by the ventromedial hypothalamus?
The neuroscience of emotion in music.
Fenfluramine anorexia: a peripheral locus of action
The psychobiology of prosocial behaviors: Separation distress, play and altruism
A re-examination of the role of the ventromedial hypothalamus in feeding behavior
Rethinking the cognitive revolution from a neural perspective: how overuse/misuse of the term ‘cognition’and the neglect of affective controls in behavioral neuroscience could …
Play, ADHD, and the Construction of the Social Brain: Should the First Class Each Day Be Recess?.
Affective consciousness and the instinctual motor system
Criteria for basic emotions: Is DISGUST a primary “emotion”?
Empathy and the laws of affect
Human brain EEG indices of emotions: delineating responses to affective vocalizations by measuring frontal theta event-related synchronization
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic over the medial cerebellum induces a shift in the prefrontal electroencephalography gamma spectrum: a pilot study in humans
Affective neuroscientific and neuropsychoanalytic approaches to two intractable psychiatric problems: why depression feels so bad and what addicts really want
Exposure to cocaine dynamically regulates the intrinsic membrane excitability of nucleus accumbens neurons
Dopamine and SEEKING: subcortical “reward” systems and appetitive urges
Repeated cocaine exposure induces sensitization of ultrasonic vocalization in rats
Towards a neurobiologically based unified theory of aggression
Casomorphins reduce separation distress in chicks
Ultra-low-dose buprenorphine as a time-limited treatment for severe suicidal ideation: a randomized controlled trial
How are emotions distinguished from mood, temperament, and other related affective constructs
Brief social isolation, pain responsivity, and morphine analgesia in young rats
The flow of anoetic to noetic and autonoetic consciousness: A vision of unknowing (anoetic) and knowing (noetic) consciousness in the remembrance of things past and imagined …
The power of the word may reside in the power of affect
The Role of Emotional Systems in Addiction: A Neuroethological Perspective Jaak Panksepp, Christine
The neurodynamics of emotions: An evolutionary-neurodevelopmental view
A novel NMDA receptor glycine-site partial agonist, GLYX-13, has therapeutic potential for the treatment of autism
Naloxone facilitates amygdaloid kindling in rats.
Tractographic analysis of historical lesion surgery for depression
Low-dose naltrexone for disease prevention and quality of life
Affective Neuroscience strategies for understanding and treating depression: From preclinical models to three novel therapeutics
Inverse effects of oxytocin on attributing mental activity to others in depressed and healthy subjects: a double-blind placebo controlled FMRI study
The psychoneurology of fear: Evolutionary perspectives and the role of animal models in understanding human anxiety
Hypothalamic radioactivity after intragastric glucose-14 C in rats
Evolutionary aspects of self-and world consciousness in vertebrates
Uncovering the molecular basis of positive affect using rough-and-tumble play in rats: a role for insulin-like growth factor I
Mental health and well-being in animals
Difference Between Plasma N-and C-Terminally Directed [beta]-Endorphin Immunoreactivity in Infantile Autism
Affective consciousness
An evolutionary framework to understand foraging, wanting, and desire: the neuropsychology of the SEEKING system
Does any aspect of mind survive brain damage that typically leads to a persistent vegetative state? Ethical considerations
Social defeat, a paradigm of depression in rats that elicits 22-kHz vocalizations, preferentially activates the cholinergic signaling pathway in the periaqueductal gray
Handbook of the Hypothalamus
Decreased feeding after injections of amino-acids into the hypothalamus
Positive affective vocalizations during cocaine and sucrose self-administration: a model for spontaneous drug desire in rats
The role of GABA in the ventromedial hypothalamic regulation of food intake
The emotional antecedents to the evolution of music and language
The affective cerebral consequence of music: Happy vs sad effects on the EEG and clinical implications.
Imaging the structure of the human anxious brain: a review of findings from neuroscientific personality psychology
Introducing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and its property of causal inference in investigating brain-function relationships
Modification of diurnal feeding patterns by palatability
Rats selectively bred for low levels of 50 kHz ultrasonic vocalizations exhibit alterations in early social motivation
Emotional feelings originate below the neocortex: Toward a neurobiology of the soul
The psycho-and neurobiology of fear systems in the brain.
Brief report: a synopsis of an open-trial of naltrexone treatment of autism with four children
The pleasure in brain substrates of foraging
Drug-sensitive reward in crayfish: An invertebrate model system for the study of SEEKING, reward, addiction, and withdrawal
A neurocognitive theory of higher mental emergence: From anoetic affective experiences to noetic knowledge and autonoetic awareness
The neuroevolutionary and neuroaffective psychobiology of the prosocial brain
The role of brain norepinephrine in clonidine suppression of isolation-induced distress in the domestic chick
Handbook of the hypothalamus, behavioral studies of the hypothalamus
Emotional causes and consequences of social-affective vocalization
Regional brain cholecystokinin changes as a function of friendly and aggressive social interactions in rats
Emotions and the aging brain: Regrets and remedies
A method of recording sniffing in the free-moving rat
Energy balance and play in juvenile rats
Primary process affects and brain oxytocin
Handbook of the hypothalamus. vol. 3, pt. B, Behavioral studies of the hypothalamus
Opioids: from physical pain to the pain of social isolation
Gray zones at the emotion/cognition interface: A commentary
Psychopharmacology of social play
Suppression of food intake in diabetic rats by voluntary consumption and intrahypothalamic injection of glucose
Damasio's error?
Foreword: the MacLean legacy and some modern trends in emotion research
Brain emotional circuits and psychopathologies
The basic neuroscience of emotional experiences in mammals: The case of subcortical FEAR circuitry and implications for clinical anxiety
Brain responses to chronic social defeat stress: effects on regional oxidative metabolism as a function of a hedonic trait, and gene expression in susceptible and resilient rats
Regional brain cholecystokinin changes as a function of rough-and-tumble play behavior in adolescent rats
Neurohumoral and endocrine control of feeding
Neuroimaging helps to clarify brain affective processing without necessarily clarifying emotions
Subliminal affect valence words change conscious mood potency but not valence: is this evidence for unconscious valence affect?
Octodon degus. A useful animal model for social-affective neuroscience research: basic description of separation distress, social attachments and play
Positive emotional learning is regulated in the medial prefrontal cortex by GluN2B-containing NMDA receptors
Opiate effects on social behavior of juvenile dogs as a function of social deprivation
Effects of α-MSH on motivation, vigilance and brain respiration
the fundamental substrates of human emotions
Critical conceptual issues in the analysis of separation-distress systems of the brain
Opiates and homing.
Tolerance in the depression of intake when amphetamine is added to the rat's food
Prior morphine experience induces long-term increases in social interest and in appetitive behavior for natural reward
Oxytocin sharpens self-other perceptual boundary
Effects of intraaccumbens amphetamine on production of 50 kHz vocalizations in three lines of selectively bred Long-Evans rats
The relationship between self-stimulation and sniffing in rats: does a common brain system mediate these behaviors?
D-glucose infusions into the basal ventromedial hypothalamus and feeding
Noradrenergic pathways and sleep-waking states in cats
The philosophical implications of affective neuroscience
The evolutionary sources of jealousy: Cross‐species approaches to fundamental issues
Social isolation effects on the “behavioral despair” forced swimming test: effect of age and duration of testing
Intraoral self injection: II. The simulation of self-stimulation phenomena with a conventional reward
Origins of effortful control: Infant and parent contributions
The neurobiology of social loss in animals: some keys to the puzzle of psychic pain in humans
The instinctual basis of human affect: Affective imaging of laughter and crying
The developing human brain.
A continuing critique of evolutionary psychology: Seven sins for seven sinners, plus or minus two
Elevation of REM sleep following inhibition of protein synthesis
Mapping patterns of depression-related brain regions with cytochrome oxidase histochemistry: relevance of animal affective systems to human disorders, with a focus on …
Can" mind" and behavior be understood without understanding the brain? A response to Bunge.
What is an emotional feeling? Lessons about affective origins from cross-species neuroscience
Brain regional neuropeptide changes resulting from social defeat.
Effects of fats, proteins, and carbohydrates on food intake in rats
Toward a neuroscience of emotion
Affective neuroscience: A paradigm to study the animate circuits for human emotions
Simple ethological models of depression: Social-isolation induced “despair” in chicks and mice
Dorsomedial diencephalic involvement in the juvenile play of rats.
The pharmacology of endorphin modulation of chick distress vocalization
Cholinergic modulation of separation distress in the domestic chick
Toward affective circuit-based preclinical models of depression: sensitizing dorsal PAG arousal leads to sustained suppression of positive affect in rats
The ego is first and foremost a body ego
Juvenile play in the rat: thalamic and brain stem involvement
Primary emotional systems and personality: an evolutionary perspective
Reduced fear-recognition sensitivity following acute buprenorphine administration in healthy volunteers
Affective consciousness in animals: perspectives on dimensional and primary process emotion approaches
Stress-induced, glucocorticoid-dependent strengthening of glutamatergic synaptic transmission in midbrain dopamine neurons
The quest for long-term health and happiness: To play or not to play, that is the question
Neuroanatomical observations of the brain in autism
Commentary on the possible role of oxytocin in autism
Offense and defense vs. rage and fear: A matter of semantics?
Cost-benefits of computer modelling
Playful handling by caretakers reduces fear of humans in the laboratory rat
Selective breeding for 50 kHz ultrasonic vocalization emission produces alterations in the ontogeny and regulation of rough-and-tumble play
Toward a cross‐species neuroscientific understanding of the affective mind: do animals have emotional feelings?
Infant-mother recognition in a social rodent (Octodon degus).
Drug-seeking behavior in an invertebrate system: evidence of morphine-induced reward, extinction and reinstatement in crayfish
Cognitive conceptualism—where have all the affects gone? additional corrections for Barrett et al.(2007)
On Preventing Another Century of Misunderstanding: Toward a Psychoethology of Human Experience and a Psychoneurology of Affect: Commentary by Jaak Panksepp (Bowling Green, Ohio)
Brain systems for the mediation of social separation-distress and social-reward
Analysis of the relationships between self-stimulation sniffing and brain-stimulation sniffing
Effects of B-chlornaltrexamine on separation distress in chicks
Intraoral self injection: I. Effects of delay of reinforcement on resistance to extinction and implications for self-stimulation
Intranasal adminsitration of oxytocin in postnatal depression: implications for psychodynamic psychotherapy from a randomized double-blind pilot study
Rats selectively bred for low levels of play-induced 50 kHz vocalizations as a model for autism spectrum disorders: a role for NMDA receptors
Integrating alternative learning and assessment in a course of English for law students
Evolution constructed the potential for subjective experience within the neurodynamics of the mammalian brain.
Insulin and glucostatic control of feeding.
Reconciling cognitive and affective neuroscience perspectives on the brain basis of emotional experience
Chronomics of autism and suicide
Suppression of feeding in cats following 2-deoxy-D-glucose
An affective neuroscience framework for the molecular study of Internet addiction
Biological basis of childhood neuropsychiatric disorders
Empathy and the action-perception resonances of basic socio-emotional systems of the brain
Music chills: The eye pupil as a mirror to music’s soul
Preclinical Modeling of Primal Emotional Affects (SEEKING, PANIC and PLAY): gateways to the development of new treatments for depression
Exposure to cocaine alters dynorphin-mediated regulation of excitatory synaptic transmission in nucleus accumbens neurons
Effects of fluoxetine on play dominance in juvenile rats
Effect of chronic neonatal morphine and naloxone on sensorimotor and social development of young rats
On the nature of feeding patterns, primarily in rats
Effects of para-chlorophenylalanine on food intake in rats
Positive and negative contrast effects with hypothalamic reward
The search for the fundamental brain/mind sources of affective experience
Paradoxical effects of serotonin and opioids in pemoline-induced self-injurious behavior
d-Amphetamine stimulates unconditioned exploration/approach behaviors in crayfish: towards a conserved evolutionary function of ancestral drug reward
Effects of a single and repeated morphine treatment on conditioned and unconditioned behavioral sensitization in Crayfish
The prolonged effects of naloxone on play behavior and feeding in the rat
Opioid effects on social behavior of kennel dogs
Positive and negative contrast in licking with shifts in sucrose concentration as a function of food deprivation
Positive incentive contrast with rewardings electrical stimulation of the brain.
Spanish validation of the affective neuroscience personality scales
Fetal and neonatal exposure to trimethylolpropane phosphate alters rat social behavior and emotional responsivity
Effects of clonidine and yohimbine on the social play of juvenile rats
Treatment of ADHD with methylphenidate may sensitize brain substrates of desire: Implications for changes in drug abuse potential from an animal model
Drives, Affects, Id Energies, and the Neuroscience of Emotions: Response to the Commentaries by Jaak Panksepp (Bowling Green, Ohio)
Modulation of separation distress by α-MSH
The role of norepinephrine in feeding behavior
The ventromedial hypothalamus and metabolic adjustments of feeding behavior
Sleep-waking patterns in cats after administration of fenfluramine and other monoaminergic modulating drugs
Validation of a novel social investigation task that may dissociate social motivation from exploratory activity
Basic affects and the instinctual emotional systems of the brain
Towards a genetics of joy: breeding rats for “laughter”
On the subcortical sources of basic human emotions and the primacy of emotional–affective (action–perception) processes in human consciousness
Effects of vasotocin on aggressive behavior in male Japanese quail
Effects of serotonin depletion on the play of juvenile rats
Effects of ACTH (1–24) and ACTH/MSH (4–10) on isolation-induced distress vocalization in domestic chicks
Nimodipine alters acquisition of a visual discrimination task in chicks
The value of using an evolutionary framework for gauging children’s well-being
The vicissitudes of preclinical psychiatric research: justified abandonment by big pharma?
Evolutionary substrates of addiction: The neurochemistries of pleasure seeking and social bonding in the mammalian brain.
Validation de l’adaptation française de l’échelle neuro-affective de personnalité
The periconscious substrates of consciousness
A role for affective neuroscience in understanding stress: The case of separation distress circuitry
Behavioral studies of the hypothalamus
Emerging neuroscience of fear and anxiety: therapeutic practice and clinical implications
Electrically induced affective attack from the hypothalamus of the albino rat
Affective preclinical modeling of psychiatric disorders: taking imbalanced primal emotional feelings of animals seriously in our search for novel antidepressants
The emergence of primary anoetic consciousness in episodic memory
Playful handling as social enrichment for individually-and group-housed laboratory rats
Neuro-psychoanalysis may enliven the mindbrain sciences
On the animalian values of the human spirit: The foundational role of affect in psychotherapy and the evolution of consciousness
The emotional brain and biological psychiatry
Effects of CRF on separation distress and juvenile play
Hormonal control of feeding behavior and energy balance
Positive emotional learning induces resilience to depression: a role for NMDA receptor-mediated synaptic plasticity
Archeologia della mente: origini neuroevolutive delle emozioni umane
Motor and locomotor responses to systemic amphetamine in three lines of selectively bred Long-Evans rats
Carving" natural" emotions:" Kindly" from bottom-up but not top-down.
The neural nature of the core SELF: implications for understanding schizophrenia
Long-term changes in rat social behavior following treatment with trimethylolpropane
An examination of the phenomenology and the reliability of ratings of compulsive behavior in autism
Effects of quipazine and methysergide on play in juvenile rats
Interaction of genetics and separation in canine hyperkinesis and in differential responses to amphetamine
Inhibition of glycolytic metabolism and sleep-waking states in cats
How primary-process emotional systems guide child development
Alteration of c-Fos mRNA in the accessory lobe of crayfish is associated with a conditioned-cocaine induced reward
“The dream of reason creates monsters”... especially when we neglect the role of emotions in REM-states
Calcitonin Gene—Related Peptide in the Brain
Effects of midbrain tegmental lesions on sleep and regional brain serotonin and norepinephrine levels in cats
On the motivational deficits after medial hypothalamic lesions
The cross‐mammalian neurophenomenology of primal emotional affects: From animal feelings to human therapeutics
Cross-species neuroaffective parsing of primal emotional desires and aversions in mammals
SEEKING and depression in stroke patients: an exploratory study
Why depression feels bad
Play behavior in rats pretreated with scopolamine: increased play solicitation by the non-injected partner
21 On the Neuro-Evolutionary Nature of Social Pain, Support, and Empathy
Toward a science of ultimate concern
Modern approaches to understanding fear: From laboratory to clinical practice
Emotions and psychopathology
Is fibromyalgia an endocrine/endorphin deficit disorder? Is low dose naltrexone a new treatment option?
‘In defence of multiple core affects
Commentary on “Becoming aware of feelings”
The effects of melatonin on isolation distress in chickens
Sleep-waking patterns and brain biogenic amine levels in cats after administration of 6-hydroxydopamine into the dorsolateral pontine tegmentum
Improved memory for reward cues following acute buprenorphine administration in humans
Affective neuroscience
The peri-conscious substrates of affective consciousness
An improved pharmacological procedure for depletion of noradrenaline: pharmacology and assessment of noradrenaline-associated behaviors
The effect of intertrial interval on running performance for ESB
Primary emotional traits in patients with personality disorders
The role of nature and nurture for individual differences in primary emotional systems: evidence from a twin study
Reflections on rough and tumble play, social development, and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders
Core consciousness
Altruism and helping behaviors, neurobiology
The sources of fear and anxiety in the brain
Clinical case report: Opiate antagonist and event-related desynchronization in 2 autistic boys
Anatomy of the Hypothalamus
Medial and lateral hypothalamic oxygen consumption as a function of age, starvation and glucose administration in rats
The neuroevolutionary sources of mind
Resting-state functional connectivity of antero-medial prefrontal cortex sub-regions in major depression and relationship to emotional intelligence
Playful handling of laboratory rats is more beneficial when applied before than after routine injections
Mirrors and feelings: Have you seen the actors outside?
Commentary on “Integrating the Psychoanalytic and Neurobiological Views of Panic Disorder”
Biological psychiatry sketched—past, present, and future
The Cradle of Consciousness: A Periconscious Emotional Homunculus?: Commentary by Jaak Panksepp (Bowling Green)
(−)-Hydroxycitrate and conditioned aversions
Individual differences in Affective Neuroscience Personality Scale (ANPS) primary emotional traits and depressive tendencies
Brief periods of positive peer interactions mitigate the effects of total social isolation in young Octodon degus
Universality and diversity in the vocalization of emotions
Affective Neuroscience and the ancestral sources of human feelings
" The Rat Will Play
Advances in Biological Psychiatry
Do brain lesions in stroke affect basic emotions and attachment?
The influence of culture on basic affective systems: the comparison of Turkish and American norms on the affective neuroscience personality scales
Integrating bottom-up internalist views of emotional feelings with top-down externalist views: Might brain affective changes constitute reward and punishment effects within …
Primary-process separationdistress (panic/grief) and reward eagerness (seeking) processes in the ancestral genesis of depressive affect and addictions
Repeated cocaine treatments induce distinct locomotor effects in crayfish
Response to commentaries
Glutamatergic modulation of separation distress: profound emotional effects of excitatory amino acids in chicks
ADHD and the neural consequences of play and joy: A framing essay for the following empirical paper
Las emociones vistas por el psicoanálisis y la neurociencia: un ejercicio de conciliación
Perinatal decortication impairs performance on an 8-arm radial maze task
Opiates and social dependence
Metabolic hormones and regulation of feeding: A reply to Woods, Decke, and Vasselli.
Evidence for an adipokinetic mechanism in the ventromedial hypothalamus
The effect of lever retraction on resistance to extinction of a response rewarded with electrical stimulation of the brain
The affective core of the self: a neuro-archetypical perspective on the foundations of human (and animal) subjectivity
Primal emotional-affective expressive foundations of human facial expression
Moving on from the basic emotion theory of facial expressions
Commentary on “Toward a neuroscience of empathy: Integrating affective and cognitive perspectives”
Affective-social neuroscience approaches to understanding core emotional feelings in animals
The instinctual basis of human affect: Affective and fMRI imaging of laughter and crying
Social support and pain: How does the brain feel the ache of a broken heart?
Perinatal leupeptin retards subsequent acquisition of a visual discrimination task in chicks
High ANGER and low agreeableness predict vengefulness in German and Chinese participants
Brain emotion systems, personality, hopelessness, self/other perception, and gambling cognition: A structural equation model
Analysis of the disruption of maternal social bonds in Octodon degus: Separation distress in restricted reunion tests
Schizophrenia: The elusive disease
Book Reviews
The Self and “Its” Vicissitudes Critique of Commentaries by Jaak Panksepp
The role of brain emotional systems in the construction of social systems
An overdue burial for the serotonin theory of anxiety
Fenfluramine: effects on aggression.
Extinction following intracranial reward: Frustration or drive decay?
The psycho-neurology of cross-species affective/social neuroscience: understanding animal affective states as a guide to development of novel psychiatric treatments
Neuropsychoanalytic notes on addiction
Toward the constitution of emotional feelings: Synergistic lessons from Izard’s differential emotions theory and affective neuroscience
The future of human nature: Implications for research, policy, and ethics
Specific locomotion behavioral patterns associated with drug; Cocaine alters active multifarious behavior in crayfish
Foreword: perspectives on passages toward an affective neurobiology of mind?
647. Oxytocin for Treating Depression: A Double Blind Placebo Controlled Neuroimaging Study
The affective neuroeconomics of social brains: One man's cruelty is another's suffering
Are emotions more than learned behaviors?
Toward a taxonomy of affects
Response to Ongoing Discussion (Vol. 1, No. 1) by Jaak Panksepp (Bowling Green, Ohio)
Ultrasonic vocalizations index pharmacological aversion in adult rats
The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness
The affiliative playfulness and impulsivity of extraverts may not be dopaminergically mediated
Selective lesions of the dual olfactory system and cat smell-attenuated play fighting among juvenile rats
The hypothalamic 14C differential and feeding behavior
Brain processes for “good” and “bad” feelings: How far back in evolution?
The family emotional system: An integrative concept for theory, science, and practice
Will better psychiatric treatments emerge from top‐down or bottom‐up neuroscientific studies of affect?
A meditation on the affective neuroscientific view of human and animalian MindBrains
The pleasures and pains of brain regulatory systems for eating
French validation of the Affective Neuroscience Personality Scales (ANPS)
The Limbic Brain: Structure and Function
Near-transyears in geophysics and autism
John Paul Scott (1909-2000).
A synopsis of “The seven sins of evolutionary psychology”
Fear and anxiety mechanisms of the brain: Clinical implications
Naltrexone in infantile autism
AN INEXPENSIVE ELECTRO‐FISTULAR SWIVEL FOR NEGATIVE FEEDBACK CONTROL OF SELF‐STIMULATION1
of Emotion
Differential ultrasonic indices of separation distress in the presence and absence of maternal cues in infant rats bred for high and low positive social affect
Loving opioids in the brain
Emotional dynamics of the organism and its parts
Stress, sleep, and sexuality in psychiatric disorders
An archaeology of mind: The ancestral sources of human feelings
Toward an open-minded comparative study of the neuroevolutionary substrates of affect: Rejoinder to Blumberg and Sokoloff's (2003) reply.
Commentary on “Understanding Addictive Vulnerability”
The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness: Antonio R. Damasio. New York: Harcourt, Brace, 199
Emotional circuits of the mammalian brain: Implications for biological psychiatry
The Brain and Emotion
Prolactin and modulation of social processes in domestic chicks
On the brain and personality substrates of psychopathy
NALTREXONE IN INFANTILE-AUTISM-RESPONSE
Where, When, and How Does an Appraisal Become an Emotion?" The Times They Are a Changing"
The serotonergic puzzle-box of anxiety
Reply to Gallistel
The Emotional Foundations of Personality: A Neurobiological and Evolutionary Approach
Use of tramadol in psychiatric care: a comprehensive review and report of two cases
ANPS: Affective Neuroscience Personality Scales: Deutsche Version
Inclusion, Play and Empathy: Neuroaffective Development in Children's Groups
Correction: The Role of Nature and Nurture for Individual Differences in Primary Emotional Systems: Evidence from a Twin Study
Developmental underpinnings of social behavior
Development of an electronic role-play assessment initiative in bioscience for nursing students
Rewarding and punishing properties of deep brain stimulation: The most promising entry points for constitutive studies of affective experiences in other animals... with …
The emotional fundamentals of personality and the higher affective polarities of mind: comment on “personality from a cognitive-biological perspective” by Y
Seeking and loss in the ancestral genesis of resilience, depression, and addiction
The “Dynamic Unconscious” May Be Experienced: Can We Discuss Unconscious Emotions When There Are no Adequate Measures of Affective Change?
Brainmind, Mirror Neurons, Empathy, and Morality: What to Believe about the Evolution of the Social Mind.”
Response to the Commentaries
Antonio Damasio’s Looking for Spinoza
“Mindscoping” pain and suffering
Neuro-affective processes and the brain substrates of emotion: Emerging perspectives and dilemmas
Neural behaviorism: From brain evolution to human emotion at the speed of an action potential
Thoughts on the study of the cerebral representations of emotions in humans and animals
Neurohormonal regulation of feeding behavior
Tickling, a Technique for Inducing Positive Affect When Handling Rats.
PLAY and the Construction of Creativity, Cleverness, and Reversal of ADHD in our Social Brains
Brain SEEKING Circuitry in Neuroeconomics: A Unifying Hypothesis for the Role of Dopamine-Energized Arousal of the Medial Forebrain Bundle in Enthusiasm-Guiding Decision-Making
Top-down versus bottom-up perspectives on clinically significant memory reconsolidation
Crossing the brain-mind rubicon: How might we scientifically understand basic human emotions and core affective feelings of other animals?
Responses of guinea pigs to brain stimulation during isolation: Examining the transition from “protest” to depressive-like behavior
Toward an Understanding of the Constitution of Consciousness through the Laws of Affect
Brain opioids and social emotions
ADHD and Play
43 Animal Minds: Do Animals have Emotional Lives?
Philosophical Implications of Affective Neuroscience
The decline of children and the moral sense
Effect of Playful Handling during Routine Care on Anxiety-Related Responses of Laboratory Rats
Medial forebrain bundle stimulation elicits psychotropic side effects in subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation for PD–new insights through diffusion tensor imaging
Ancestral Memories: The Affective Side of Basic Brain Emotional Systems with a Focus on Separation Distress (Sadness) and Playfulness (Social Joy)
Voluntary sleep restriction in rats is associated with sleep rebound
Commentary on “Is There a Drive to Love?”
Opioidse: From physical pain to the pain of social isolation
Comparative approaches in evolutionary psychology: Molecular neuroscience meets the mind
Psychobiological Theories of Panic Attacks and Panic Disorders
Free will and the varieties of affective and conative selves
Motivation: From Intrinsic Psychobiological to Extrinsic Cognitive-Cultural Approaches
Järvilehto’s seductive ideas: Provocative concepts without data?
Rational Emotions and the Judicious Spectator
Endogenous opioids and childhood autism
Opiathypothese zur Genese des frühkindlichen Autismus und Folgerungen zur Psychopharmakotherapie
Opiate antagonists: effects on the social aggression of rats and autistic children
An attempt to evaluate the role of hearing in the social play of juvenile rats
Anxiety viewed from the upper brain stem: Though panic and fear yield trepidation, should both be called anxiety?
Dietary constituents and self-selection procedures: solid foods
Rat 22-kHz Ultrasonic Vocalizations as a Measure of Emotional Set Point During Social Interactions
Some early prototypes of ego defenses
The archaeology of mind [extracts]
Joyce in the Postcolonial Tropics
Sleep and dreaming, Part 1: Dreams are emotionally meaningful adaptive learning engines that help us identify and deal with unconscious (ucs) threats by means of deferred …
Sleep and dreaming, Part 2: The importance of the SEEKING system for dream-related learning and the complex contributions to dreaming of memory mechanisms, transcription …
Regulation of human affective responses by anterior cingulate and limbic mu-opioid neurotransmission
Drug-sensitive Reward in Crayfish: Exploring the Neural Basis of Addiction with Automated Learning Paradigms
PTSD: Horror in the Mind: the psychology of post-traumatic stress disorder, and the ethical way to lift it
Human Striatal Response to Salient Nonrewarding Stimuli
Angst. Panik. Hausarzt
The Relation between Sovereignty and Guilt in Nietzsche’s Genealogy
In Tune with Feeling
Etiological pathways toward autism and diversities of treatments: from unimodal to multidimensional approaches. Commentary on “An integrative model of autism spectrum disorder …
Primal emotions and cultural evolution of language
Development of layer I neurons in the primate cerebral cortex
The Instinctual Foundations of Infant Minds
Psikanaliz, Nörobilim ve Felsefe Arasında bir Diyalog Mümkün mü?[Is a dialogue possible between psychoanalysis, neurosciences and philosophy?].
Nietzsche’s Minimalist Moral Psychology
What Is a Positive Emotion?
L’Es sa più di quanto l’Io ammetta: prospettive neuropsicoanalitiche rispetto alla coscienza primaria nell’interfaccia tra neuroscienza affettiva e cognitiva
Contents Vol. 47, 2014
Author Index/Subject Index Vol. 47, No. 6, 2014
Front & Back Matter
Clinical Psychological Science
Development of Autism
The theory of the parent–infant relationship
Towards a characterization of minimal consciousness
Reported pathological childhood experiences associated with the development of borderline personality disorder
Top-Down Causation in the Brain: Promises for Cognitive Psychology and Challenges for Research
Department of Psychology Bowling Green State University Bowling Green, Ohio 43403
and Tracy R. Gleason
Responses of domestic chicks to social loss and reunion
Subliminal Affect Valence Words Change Conscious Mood Potency but Not Valence&58; Is This Evidence for Unconscious Valence Affect&63
The Self and Its Emotional Brain
Primary-Process Separation-Distress (PANIC/GRIEF) and Reward (SEEKING) Processes in the Ancestral Genesis of Depressive Affect and Addictions: Why does Depression Feel so Bad …
Développement de l’enfant et les circuits émotionnels du cerveau des mammifères
Evidence from behavioral neuroscience strongly suggests that the unconditional (innate) capacity to experience fear, along with fear-typical patterns of autonomic and …
Child Development and the Emotional Circuits of Mammalian Brains
P28 Human medial forebrain bundle (MFB) and anterior thalamic radiations (ATR): Diffusion tensor imaging anatomical description of two affective pathways that promote a dynamic …
Attitudes versus Actions: The Relationship of Verbal and Overt Behavioral Responses to Attitude Objects
Play Behavior
The Philosophy of Affective Neuroscience
Releasing educational potential through movement. A summary of individual studies carried out using the INPP test battery and developmental exercise programme for use in …
Basic Emotional Networks and Neuropeptide Modulators in Animal Models of Depression
This study examined cognitive representations of routine action, through the assessment of level of agency, in individuals with sub-clinical checking. The level of agency stems …
Affective reflections and refractions within the BrainMind
Ultrasonic Vocalizations of Rats (: Behavioral Concomitants, Relationship to Reward, and Self-administration of Playbackrattus norvegicus: Behavioral …
Handling during Routine Care Affects Responses of Laboratory Rats toward Humans
Resting state brain activity in depression
The neuroscience of primary-process emotionality: Implications for psychiatry and affective well-being
Universality and Diversity in
Simulating the Primal Emotions of the Mammalian Brain: The Affective Feelings of Mental Life and Implications for Al-robotics
Philosophy, Ethics, and Humanities in Medicine
Affective consciouness
Emotions Explained, Edmund T. Rolls. Oxford University Press (2005),£ 39.95/$75.00 (606 pp.), ISBN: 0-19-857003-1
Using a forced-choice odor discrimination task in rats, we show here that intraperitoneal injections of l-DOPA improve rats' odor discrimination performance in comparison to …
Consciousness
BOOKS, JOURNALS, NEW MEDIA-Radiant Cool: A Novel Theory of Consciousness
On Feeling Hopeless
ERPs (event-related potentials), semantic attribution, and facial expression of emotions 63–80 Michela Balconi and Uberto Pozzoli Reflections on the role of emotions in …
Cesare Bertone and Cristina Becchio. Object temporal connotation. Ester I. Klimkeit, Jason B. Mattingley, Dianne M. Sheppard, Paul Lee, and John L. Bradshaw. Perceptual …
H. Hattori, M. Shibata, T. Sugaya, J. Hamada, Y. Fukuuchi (Japan) 9 Screening for anti-ganglioside antibodies in hypocretin-deficient human narcolepsy S. Overeem, K. Geleijns …
Brain-mind dynamics and emotional feelings
An integrated conception of the psychology and biology of supergo development
The Self and “Its” Vicissitudes: Commentary by Jaak Panksepp
Bowling Green, OH 43403, USA
constitutive nitric oxide (34) 119 de Lecea, L., see Spier, AD (33) 228
James J. Gross
Psychoanalytic reflections on the diagnosis of aphasia in a young boy
Anticipation of Rewarding Electrical Brain Stimulation Evokes
BOOKS-Affective Neuroscience: The Foundations of Human and Animal Emotions
Fear and Anxiety Mechanisms
Behavioral Sensitization Induced By An Organophosphate Convulsant
Jaak Panksepp
The anatomy of disgust-Miller, WI
Foul Play: The Anatomy of Disgust by William Ian Miller
FOUL PLAY
the Aging Brain
Passion and reason: Making sense of our emotions-Lazarus, RS, Lazarus, BN
Making Sense of Our Emotions
Neuropeptides and the emotional circuits of the brain
" Naltrexone in infantile autism": Response to Black.
" Need and Recognition: A Theory of the Emotions": a Series of Ten Lectures
Hormone toxicity in the newborn: By Fred A. Kincl. Berlin, Springer-Verlag, 1990, $145.00 (xiv+ 334 pages), ISBN 3-540-51153-9
JEALOUSY-THE EVOLUTION OF AN EMOTION IN AMERICAN HISTORY-STEARNS, P
OPIOID HYPOTHESIS ON THE ORIGIN OF EARLY INFANTILE-AUTISM AND CONSEQUENCES FOR DRUG-THERAPY
Opiate hypothesis of the origin of early childhood autism and sequelae for psychopharmacotherapy
Behavioral aspects of neuroendocrinology: Current topics in neuroendocrinology, volume 10, edited by Detlev Ganten and Donald Pfaff. Berlin, Springer-Verlag, 1990, $126.00 (vi+ …
double Blind Study Of Naltrexone In Ten Autistic Children
Socioendocrinology of primate reproduction: Toni E. Ziegler and Fred B. Bercovitch, eds. New York, Wiley-Liss, 1990, $72.50 (217 pages), ISBN 0-471-56757-4
For the complete list of tips, see PEP-Web Tips on the PEP-Web support page.
THEORETICAL PERSPECTIVES
Department of Psychology, Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green
antagonist to brain CRF and glucocorticoid receptors, which could gain entry into the brain following peripheral administration, could be of considerable benefit in the …
Psychobiology of reproductive behavior: An evolutionary perspective: David Crews, ed. Englewood Cliffs, NJ, Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1987. $19.95 (350 pp) ISBN 0-12-732090-6
STORIES OF EMOTION, THE GENEALOGY OF LOVE IN BECKETT
Effect of α-MSH on Separation Induced Distress Vocalizations in Chicks
Toward a Neurocognitive Psychology of Emotions
Short-and long-term effects of asphyxia on juvenile play
Desirable Responding Triggered by Affect: Automatic Egotism?
NEUROCHEMICAL MODULATION OF SOCIAL PLAY IN JUVENILE RATS
Spanning the transspecies gulf
Given the chance, the normal brain can casually avoid what it would otherwise intensely fear
The Epidemiology of Dementia. Edited by J. A. Mortimer and L. M. Schuman. (Pp. 187; illustrated; £16.00.) Oxford University Press: Oxford. 1981.
Behavioral Studies of the Hypothalamus. Handbook of the Hypothalamus, 3B
On medial hypothalamic control of feeding
Behavioral Studies of the Hypothalamus. Handbook of the Hypothalamus, 3A
Physiology of the Hypothalamus. Handbook of the Hypothalamus, 2
Anatomy of the Hypothalamus. Handbook of the Hypothalamus, 1
OVERCOMING GUILT-A STRUCTURED WORKSHOP
EVOLUTION OF EMPATHY
Appetite and food intake. Dahlem konferenzen life sciences report 2: Trevor Silverstone, issue editor and Silke Bernhard, series editor, 1976, produced for Dahlem Konferenzen …
REM-SLEEP DEPRIVATION AND SUBSEQUENT THERMOREGULATORY DEFICITS IN MICE
DISCUSSION OF PANKSEPP, J
A study of relations between intracranial self-stimulation and operant behavior maintained by food reward
くすぐり, ラットを処理するときに肯定的な影響を誘発するためのテクニック
From Goats to Aardvarks: The Journey of a Functionalist Researcher of Emotion
In Memoriam: Jaak Panksepp
Seeking the Epigenesis of Romantic Love
Cognitive Conceptualism—Where Have All the Affects Gone?
Antonio Damasio: Self Comes to Mind: Constructing the Conscious Brain. New York: Pantheon, 2010. ISBN 978-0-307-37875-0, 384 pp., $28.95/£ 25
Lisa Feldman Barrett: Why Emotions Are Situated Conceptualizations
Commentary on “Becoming Aware of Feelings”
Drives, Affects, Id Energies, and the Neuroscience of Emotions Response to the Commentaries by Jaak Panksepp
On the Primal Nature of Affective Consciousness: What are the Relations Between Emotional Awareness and Affective Experience?
Radiology Diagnosis
Historicizing Emotions
Anticipation of Play Elicits High-Frequency Ultrasonic Vocalizations in Young Rats
A Continuing Critique of Evolutionary Psychology
On The Expansion Of Disgust
Affective imaging of laughter and crying
How Music Grabs the Emotions
Iris Mauss: Emotion Coherence, Regulation, and Beliefs About Emotions
of music and language
The Therapeutic Effects of Empathy in Healthcare
Empathy and its Development: What is Missing?
Recent Work in the Philosophy of Empathy
Brain Circuits for Parental Behavior and Love, with Implications for Other Social Bonds
Disgust, Racism and the Moral-Conventional Distinction
The Use and Consequences of Emotions in Politics
Psychopathic Brains on Trial
Emotional Intelligence: The Hype, the Hope, the Evidence
Reintroducing Emotional Intelligence: What it Is and Where We Stand Now
Q & A On Emotional Intelligence With John (Jack) D. Mayer
Emotions in History: The Beginnings
How Cognition Became Hot: Emotions, Decisions and Policy Making
The Functions of Guilt
Understanding Multimodal Emotional Expressions: Recent Advances in Basic Emotion Theory
Guilt, Games, and Evolution
The Development of Guilt as Repair in Childhood
The Behavioral Ecology View of Facial Displays, 25 Years Later
PEP-Web Tip of the Day
Emotional-Affective Neural Levels of Brain-Mind Control: From Evolutionary Givens to Social-Developmental Provisions (Review of Johnston & Olsen’s “The Feeling Brain”)
Opiates Alleviate Separation Distress
Psicoanalisi e neuroscienze: il ruolo delle emozioni.
PEP-Web Tip of the Day
How Emotions Affect Other People
The Behavioral and Brain Sciences
Neural Markers of Interpersonal Attraction: A Possible New Direction for Couples Therapy
Emotion in the Behavior and Decision Making of Jurors and Judges
Musical Emotions in the Brain
Response to Sidney J. Blatt & Patrick Luyten's Commentary The Challenging Heterogeneity of Depression
Panksepp, J.(1999). Altruism, neurobiology. In G. Adelman, BH Smith (eds.) The Encyclopedia of Neuroscience,(pp. 55-57). Boston
Record: 1 Feeling the Pain of Social Loss.
10Neuropsychoanalytic notes
Sivam SP (1995): GBR-12909-induced self-injuri-ous behavior: role of dopamine. Brain Res 690: 259–263. Skidmore F, Reich SG (2005): Tardive dystonia. Curr Treat Options Neurol …
On The Origin of Disgust
Affective reflections and refractions within the BrainMind 128
Navigation rapide
Turkish Standardization of Affective Neuroscience Personality Scale: Prospects for Cross-cultural ANPS Comparisons along Collectivism-Individualism Spectrum
Imaging the Emotional Brain
The Social Construction of Emotion: Myths and Realities
The Triune Mind
The Roles of Emotions in Social Hierarchies
The Component Process Model of Emotion, and the Power of Coincidences
ZDENEK KLEIN AWARD 2002 RECIPIENTS OF
The Affective Neuroscience of Socio-Emotional Actions and Feelings
COMMENTARY NEURO-PSYCHOANALYSIS MAY ENLIVEN THE MINDBRAIN SCIENCES
REPORT: LOW-DOSE NALTREXONE (LDN)
Music and Emotion: There is More to Music than Meets the Ear
LS kmmS is a chronic pain syndrome. Neuman
Research in VCAPP/Neuroscience
Additional Corrections for Barrett et al.(2007) Jaak Panksepp
Giovanna Colombetti: The Enactive Approach To Emotions
Animal reminders, pathogens, and sex: Evaluating distinct evolutionary theories of disgust
Open to Culture: Emotions in Development
Maïa Ponsonnet: Aboriginal Languages, and the Linguistic Representation of Emotions
Affective Neuroscience
Special Topic: Evolutionary Psychiatry
