The cognitive neurosciences
The bisected brain
The integrated mind
Cerebral specialization and interhemispheric communication: Does the corpus callosum enable the human condition?
Combined spatial and temporal imaging of brain activity during visual selective attention in humans
Interhemispheric relationships: the neocortical commissures; syndromes of hemisphere disconnection
The mind's past
The ethical brain
Towards responsible use of cognitive-enhancing drugs by the healthy
The social brain
Language after section of the cerebral commissures
The social brain: Discovering the networks of the mind
The split brain in man
Who's in Charge?: Free Will and the Science of the Brain
Some functional effects of sectioning the cerebral commissures in man
Cerebral commissurotomy in man. Preliminary case report
Observations on visual perception after disconnexion of the cerebral hemispheres in man
Nature's mind: The biological roots of thinking, emotions, sexuality, language, and intelligence.
Forty-five years of split-brain research and still going strong
Right hemisphere language following brain bisection: A 20-year perspective.
Organization of the human brain
The split brain revisited
Psychological science: Mind, brain, and behavior
Neurociência cognitiva: a biologia da mente
Language and speech capacity of the right hemisphere
Information processing of visual stimuli in an ‘extinguished’field
Ciência psicológica
Learned dynamics of reaching movements generalize from dominant to nondominant arm
Dyspraxia following division of the cerebral commissures
The left hemisphere's role in hypothesis formation
Mind matters: How mind and brain interact to create our conscious lives
Understanding complexity in the human brain
Selective activation of a parietofrontal circuit during implicitly imagined prehension
Nature's mind
Residual vision in a scotoma: implications for blindsight
Manipulo-spatial aspects of cerebral lateralization: Clues to the origin of lateralization
Dissociation of spatial and temporal coupling in the bimanual movements of callosotomy patients
Graspable objects grab attention when the potential for action is recognized
Mike or me? Self-recognition in a split-brain patient
Consciousness and the cerebral hemispheres.
Language following surgical disconnection of the hemispheres
Principles of human brain organization derived from split-brain studies
Independent hemispheric attentional systems mediate visual search in split-brain patients
Artificial language training in global aphasics
Cerebral commissurotomy for control of intractable seizures
Reflexive joint attention depends on lateralized cortical connections
Microelectrode analysis of transfer of visual information by the corpus callosum
Coding strategies and cerebral laterality effects
A computational analysis of mental image generation: evidence from functional dissociations in split-brain patients.
Language, praxis, and the right hemisphere Clues to some mechanisms of consciousness
Cognitive interaction after staged callosal section: evidence for transfer of semantic activation
The disconnection syndrome: Basic findings reaffirmed
Dichotic testing of partial and complete split brain subjects
Brain size, head size, and intelligence quotient in monozygotic twins
Spatially oriented movements in the absence of proprioception
A divided mind: Observations on the conscious properties of the separated hemispheres
Variability in right hemisphere language function after callosal section: Evidence for a continuum of generative capacity
How can we construct a science of consciousness?
“Central” commissurotomy for intractable generalized epilepsy Series two
Division of the corpus callosum for uncontrollable epilepsy
One brain--two minds?
The ventriloquist in motion: Illusory capture of dynamic information across sensory modalities
Splitting the normal brain with reaction time
Laterality effects in somesthesis following cerebral commissurotomy in man
Cerebrally lateralized mental representations of hand shape and movement
Neuroprediction of future rearrest
Authorship processing.
No sex‐related differences in human corpus callosum based on magnetic resonance imagery
Brain modularity: Towards a philosophy of conscious experience.
Extensive individual differences in brain activations associated with episodic retrieval are reliable over time
A left hemisphere basis for visual mental imagery?
Right-hemisphere memory superiority: Studies of a split-brain patient
Creating false memories for visual scenes
Facial recognition and brain asymmetries: Clues to underlying mechanisms
Psychologic and neurologic consequences of partial and complete cerebral commissurotomy
Hemispheric mechanisms controlling voluntary and spontaneous facial expressions
Plasticity in speech organization following commissurotomy
Effects of commissurotomy on a preoperatively learned visual discrimination
Automatic brains—interpretive minds
The functional magnetic resonance imaging data center (fMRIDC): the challenges and rewards of large–scale databasing of neuroimaging studies
Surface Area of Human Cerebral Cortex and Its Gross Morphological Subdivisions: In Vivo Measurements in Monozygotic Twins Suggest Differential Hemisphere …
The anterior commissure in man: Functional variation in a multisensory system
Observations on visual processes after posterior callosal section.
Fate of neglected targets: a chronometric analysis of redundant target effects in the bisected brain.
Neuroimaging techniques offer new perspectives on callosal transfer and interhemispheric communication
Dissociation of language and cognition: A psychological profile of two disconnected right hemispheres
Neurological disorders and the structure of human consciousness
Review of the split brain
Processing of semantic anomaly by right and left hemispheres of commissurotomy patients: Evidence from event-related brain potentials
Dissociation of spatial information for stimulus localization and the control of attention
Brain mechanisms underlying perceptual causality
The human brain
Can neurological evidence help courts assess criminal responsibility? Lessons from law and neuroscience
Evidence of foveal splitting in a commissurotomy patient
Profiles of right hemisphere language and speech following brain bisection
Disconnection of the cerebral hemispheres An alternative to hemispherectomy for the control of intractable seizures
Anterior and posterior callosal contributions to simultaneous bimanual movements of the hands and fingers
Perceptual and attentional processes following callosal section in humans
Cortical mechanisms involved in praxis: observations following partial and complete section of the corpus callosum in man
Magnetic resonance imaging morphology of the corpus callosum in monozygotic twins
Hemispheric differences in mnemonic processing: The effects of left hemisphere interpretation
Learning, arts, and the brain: The dana consortium report on arts and cognition
Monitoring the visual world: Hemispheric asymmetries and subcortical processes in attention
Dissociating processes supporting causal perception and causal inference in the brain.
Direction information coordinated via the posterior third of the corpus callosum during bimanual movements
Acetylcholinesterase staining in human auditory and language cortices: regional variation of structural features
MRI assessment of human callosal surgery with neuropsychological correlates
What does visual perception tell us about visual coding
Brainprints: Computer-Generated Two-Dimensional Maps of the Human Cerebral Cortex in vivo
Dynamic network structure of interhemispheric coordination
Working memory: An Introduction
Reading with a limited lexicon in the right hemisphere of a callosotomy patient
Representation of visuotactile space in the split brain
Sharing neuroimaging studies of human cognition
Dual task interactions due exclusively to limits in processing resources
Cognition and commissurotomy
The law and neuroscience
Out of contact, out of mind: the distributed nature of the self
Functional connectivity: integrating behavioral, diffusion tensor imaging, and functional magnetic resonance imaging data sets
Memory lost and regained following bilateral hippocampal damage
Independent attentional scanning in the separated hemispheres of split-brain patients
Complementary roles of prefrontal cortical regions in cognition, memory, and emotion in primates.
Cerebral dominance viewed as a decision system
Structural organization of the corpus callosum predicts the extent and impact of cortical activity in the nondominant hemisphere
Left ear performance in dichotic listening following commissurotomy
Insights into the functional specificity of the human corpus callosum
Cerebral lateralization and specialization in human central nervous system
Right hemisphere language: insights into normal language mechanisms?
Left field superiority for word matching
Cortical projection topography of the human splenium: hemispheric asymmetry and individual differences
Simultaneous double discrimination response following brain bisection
Handbook of cognitive neuroscience
Pure Word Deafness and Hemispheric Dynamics a Case History
Interhemispheric communication of visual learning
Hemispheric asymmetries for simple visual judgments in the split brain
Collaboration between the hemispheres of a callosotomy patient: Emerging right hemisphere speech and the left hemisphere interpreter
The functional brain architecture of human morality
Neurosciences cognitives: la biologie de l'esprit
Cortical and subcortical interhemispheric interactions following partial and complete callosotomy
Modular organization of cognitive systems masked by interhemispheric integration
Islands of residual vision in hemianopic patients
Databasing fMRI studies—towards a'discovery science'of brain function
Nasotemporal overlap at the retinal vertical meridian: Investigations with a callosotomy patient
Blindsight reconsidered
Left hemisphere representations of emotional facial expressions
Three-dimensional quantitative analysis of hemispheric asymmetry in the human superior temporal region
Well‐kept secrets of the right hemisphere A carotid amytal study of restricted memory transfer
Empathizing and systemizing cognitive traits in the sciences and humanities
Conversations in the cognitive neurosciences
Deficits in recall following partial and complete commissurotomy
Visuomotor integration in split-brain monkeys with other cerebral lesions
Unilateral medial temporal lobe memory impairment: type deficit, function deficit, or both?
Within grasp but out of reach: evidence for a double dissociation between imagined hand and arm movements in the left cerebral hemisphere
Acquired central dyschromatopsia: analysis of a case with preservation of color discrimination
Cortical field of origin of the anterior commissure of the rhesus monkey
Neuroscienze cognitive
Disturbances in conceptual space involving language and speech
Dream report following commissurotomy
Handbook of psychobiology
Enhanced dual task performance following corpus commissurotomy in humans
Consistency and diversity in brain organization
A dissociation between the representation of tool-use skills and hand dominance: insights from left-and right-handed callosotomy patients
Illusory contour perception and amodal boundary completion: evidence of a dissociation following callosotomy
Forebrain commissurotomy for epilepsy
The frontal lobes
Attention mechanisms following brain bisection
Eye movements
Bayesian approaches to color vision
Arts and cognition: Findings hint at relationships
Human fetal movement: Spontaneous oscillations near one cycle per minute
Split decisions
Neurologic perspectives on right hemisphere language following surgical section of the corpus callosum
The neural basis of reading acquisition
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: delays in visual suppression due to luminance changes.
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology
Localization of the human cortical visual area MT based on computer aided histological analysis
Right hemisphere dominance in visual statistical learning
Models of consciousness: Serial or parallel in the brain?
Recovery of tectal nicotinic-cholinergic receptor sites during optic nerve regeneration in goldfish
Cross-cuing mechanisms and ipsilateral eye-hand control in split-brain monkeys
1 4 Brain and Conscious Experience
Why share data? Lessons learned from the fMRIDC
Brain mechanisms and conscious
From facial cue to dinner for two: the neural substrates of personal choice
A deficit in perceptual matching in the left hemisphere of a callosotomy patient
Human callosal function MRI‐verified neuropsychological functions
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology
The Bisected Brain, Appleton-Century-Crofts, New York
Neuroscience and the correct level of explanation for understanding mind: An extraterrestrial roams through some neuroscience laboratories and concludes earthlings are not …
Late positive event-related potentials after commissural section in humans
Pain perception in a man with total corpus callosum transection
Neuroprediction, violence, and the law: Setting the stage
Numerical processing in the two hemispheres: Studies of a split-brain patient
The emergence of the capacity to name left visual field stimuli in a callosotomy patient: Implications for functional plasticity
Sequential operation of disconnected cerebral hemispheres in split-brain patients.
Cross field and within field integration of visual information
Cerebral mechanisms involved in ipsilateral eye-hand use in split-brain monkeys
Abnormal moral reasoning in complete and partial callosotomy patients
Pollinator-dependent crops: an increasingly risky business
Hemispheric encoding asymmetry is more apparent than real
Guided visual search is a left-hemisphere process in split-brain patients
Spatial orientation following commissural section
Memory without remembering and remembering without memory: Implicit and false memories
The nec cognitice neurosciences
An evolutionary perspective on hemispheric asymmetries.
Human memory, cerebral hemispheres, and the limbic system: A new approach
Handbook of psychobiology
Quién manda aquí?
Neuroscience and the law
Cortical and subcortical contributions to the representation of temporal information
Speculations on the neural basis of islands of blindsight
Disturbances in spatial attention following lesion or disconnection of the right parietal lobe
认知神经科学: 关于心智的生物学
Why can’t I control my brain? Aspects of conscious experience
Rey Complex Figure: figural and spatial memory before and after temporal lobectomy for intractable epilepsy
Cognitive electrophysiology
Evidence for paracallosal verbal transfer after callosal section: A possible consequence of bilateral language organization
Tales from both sides of the brain: A life in neuroscience.
A dissociation between spatial and identity matching in callosotomy patients
Residual vision with awareness in the field contralateral to a partial or complete functional hemispherectomy
The structure of language processing: Neuropsychological evidence
Brain theory and minimal brain dysfunction
Individual variation of cortical surface area asymmetries.
Changing hemisphere dominance by changing reward probability in split-brain monkeys
Temporal discrimination in the split brain
Contextual modulation in V1 and scene perception
ERP and RT signs of a rightward bias for spatial orienting in a split-brain patient.
Speech without conscious awareness
Determinants of cerebral recovery
Consciousness, introspection, and the split-brain: The two minds/one body problem
Cerebral blood flow and metabolism in human amnesia
Lateralization of language: Toward a biologically based model of language
Can perceptual expertise accountfor the own-race bias in face recognition? A split-brain study
Executive functions and frontal lobes
The caudal infrasylvian surface in dyslexia Novel magnetic resonance imaging–based findings
Isolation of a right hemisphere cognitive system in a patient with anarchic (alien) hand sign
Subcortical transfer of higher order information: More illusory than real?
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology. Vol. 2, Neuropsychology
Lateralization of learning of colour and brightness discriminations following brain bisection
Shifting gears: Seeking new approaches for mind/brain mechanisms
Facts, fictions and the future of neuroethics
Split brains and atomic persons
The calculating hemispheres: Studies of a split-brain patient
Failure to remap visuotactile space across the midline in the split-brain.
How to change the university
Bidirectional control of saccadic eye movements by the disconnected cerebral hemispheres
Hemispheric processing of spatial frequencies in two commissurotomy patients
Interview with Endel Tulving
Functional neuroscience
Seeing John Malkovich: the neural substrates of person categorization
Handbook of psychobiology
Effects of commissurotomy on the processing of increasing visual information
Placing a tool in the spotlight: spatial attention modulates visuomotor responses in cortex
Reply to Levy and to Zaidel.
Is seeing believing: Notes on clinical recovery
Competence versus performance after callosal section: Looks can be deceiving
Interocular transfer of simultaneous but not successive discriminations in the pigeon
On dividing the self: Speculations from brain research
it Wilson, DH (1978) Language, praxis and the right hemisphere: Clues to some mechanisms of consciousness
Methods in mind
Regional differences in cortical organization
Variability of residual vision in hemianopic subjects
Variations in attentional bias of the disconnected cerebral hemispheres
The recognition of antonymy by a language-enriched right hemisphere
Psychological Science: Fifth International Student Edition
Visual imagery and memory: Do retrieval strategies affect what the mind's eye sees?
Visual and tactile interhemispheric transfer compared with the method of Poffenberger
Cognitive and neurologic aspects of hemispheric disconnection in the human brain
Hemispheric specialization
Beyond commissurotomy: Clues to consciousness
Smarter on drugs
The neural substrates of visual implicit memory: do the two hemispheres play different roles?
Hemispheric processing asymmetries: Implications for memory
The neuronal platonist
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology: vol. 2. Neuropsychology
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology: Vol. 2. Neuropsychology
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology: 2. Neuropsychology
Block Design performance following callosal sectioning: observations on functional recovery
Brain mechanisms and behavior
Attentional unity following brain bisection in man
Eye position and visual motor coordination
Interhemispheric cuing systems remaining after section of neocortical commissures in monkeys
Psychological properties of disconnected hemispheres in man
Predictive accuracy in the neuroprediction of rearrest
Motor experience with graspable objects reduces their implicit analysis in visual-and motor-related cortex
Leon Festinger: Lunch with Leon
Visual implicit memory in the left hemisphere: evidence from patients with callosotomies and right occipital lobe lesions
Hemispheric specialization and interhemispheric integration: Insights from experiments with commissurotomy patients
The dynamics of cerebral specialization and modular interactions
What does language do for a right hemisphere?
Neuroscience in the courtroom
Proportional anterior commissure area in humans and monkeys
Some contributions of split-brain studies to the study of human cognition
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology, vol. 2 neuropsychology
Handbook of Behavioral Neurobiology
Handbook of Behavioral Neurobiology, Vol. 2
Right hemisphere dominance for understanding the intentions of others: evidence from a split-brain patient.
Life with George: the birth of the Cognitive Neuroscience institute
Memory encoding following complete callosotomy
Cognition, computation, and consciousness.
Cerebral and callosal organisation in a right hemisphere dominant" split brain" patient.
Short-term memory and brain-bisected man
Sources of blindsight
Can left-handed writing posture predict cerebral language laterality?
Left hemisphere visual processes in a case of right hemisphere symptomatology: Implications for theories of cerebral lateralization
The posteromedial region of the default mode network shows attenuated task-induced deactivation in psychopathic prisoners.
Fundamentals of psychology: An introduction
Die Ich-Illusion: wie Bewusstsein und freier Wille entstehen
Brain scans go legal
Harmful moratorium on stem cell research
Psychology in your life
Who Is in Charge?
Split-brain cases
The brain as boondoggle
Cortical surface modeling reveals gross morphometric correlates of individual differences
MRI assessment of spared fibers following callosotomy: a second look
On neural circuits and cognition
The interpreter in human psychology
The divergence of neuroscience and law
Visuospatial attention and the split brain
The cognitive sciences
Processing difficulties following commissurotomy in the monkey
Neural mechanisms underlying behavior of invertebrates
Some effects of non-reinforcement in split-brain monkeys
Neuropsychology
Representations of physical plausibility revealed by event-related potentials
The cognitive neurosciences
Language and the cerebral hemispheres
Neuropsychologische Integration kognitiver Prozesse
Split-brain studies: Implications for psychiatry
Regional concentration of putative nicotinic-cholinergic receptor sites in human brain
Divergent hemispheric reasoning strategies: reducing uncertainty versus resolving inconsistency
The left hemisphere does not miss the right hemisphere
Human: The science behind what makes us human
Neural correlates of memory's successes and sins
An investigation of the line motion effect in a callosotomy patient.
The organization of human language cortex: Special adaptation or common cortical design?
Extrageniculostriate vision in humans: Investigations with hemispherectomy patients
Failure of preference formation in amnesia
Partial commissurotomy and cerebral localization of function
Modification of drinking behavior in the adipsic rat
77ie bisected brain
The split-brain: Rooting consciousness in biology
Whos in charge
The cognitive neuroscience of mind: a tribute to Michael S. Gazzaniga
My brain made me do it
Braincutting for psychiatrists: the time is ripe
Psychophysics with the split-brain subject: On hemispheric differences and numerical mediation in perceptual matching tasks
Hemispherectomy vs commissurotomy in the monkey: one hemisphere can be better than two
Interhemisphere imitation in split-brain monkeys
SMYLIE CS, WILSON DH and LE Doux, JE (1979) Plasticity in speech organisation following commissurotomy
Early development of neuronal circuitry of the human prefrontal cortex
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in human cognition
Hemispheric asymmetries in the parietal lobes.
Hemispheric interactions and specializations: Insights from the split brain
The neuronal platonist: Michael Gazzaniga in conversation with Shaun Gallagher
1981 Nobel prize for physiology or medicine
The brain and the split brain: A duel with duality as a model of mind
The role of language for conscious experience: Observations from split-brain man
VERBAL RETRIEVAL OF RIGHT HEMISPHERE MEMORIES ESTABLISHED IN ABSENCE OF LANGUAGE
Reversal behavior in split-brain monkeys
Cortical–Cortical Pathways involved in Reinforcement
On the research of time past: the hunt for the substrate of memory
Cerebral localization: an Otfrid Foerster symposium
Visual stability during saccadic eye movements
Consciousness and the cerebral hemispheres
The role of the corpus callosum in the representation of lateral orientation
Interhemispheric integration
Present and future of memory research and its applications
Right hemisphere language: Remaining problems.
Binocular stereopsis and the anterior commissure in man
S.(1970) The bisected brain
Brain modules and belief formation
The democratic qualities of courts: a critical analysis of three arguments
Spheres of INFLUENCE
Smarter on drugs. We recoil at the idea of people taking drugs to enhance their intelligence. But why?
The Congnitive Neurosciences III
The when, where, what, and why of conscious experience
The interpreter within: The glue of conscious experience
Interocular equivalence after optic nerve regeneration in goldfish
Beyond lateralization
Interaction in isolation: 50 years of insights from split-brain research
Libre Arbitre et la science du cerveau (Le)
The evolution of hemispheric specialization
Restructuring the university
What Are Brains For?
SOURCES OF BLINDSIGHT-RESPONSE
Acquired central dyschromatopsia with preservationof color discrimination
Optic nerve regeneration in goldfish under light deprivation
Complex pitch perception after callosal section: Further evidence for a right hemisphere mechanism
Information processing of visual stimuli in an
Comparative aspects of short-term memory mechanisms
Reply to McKeever and Huling
Free Will is an Illusion, but You’re Still Responsible for Your Actions
Constructive memory and the simulation of future events
Continuing progress in neuroinformatics
Methods in mind
The fMRI data center: An introduction
Callosal disconnection.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of auditory cortex using pulsed tones
The cognitive neurosdences
Analysis of protein levels and synthesis after learning in the split-brain pigeon
Some effects of cerebral commissurotomy on monkey and man
1979, The Integrated Mind
Cognitive neuroscience (The biology of the Mind)
Imaging genetics
The HBR list-Breakthrough ideas for 2006
Human being redux
The fMRI data center: software tools for neuroimaging data management, inspection, and sharing
Hemispheric differences in egocentric and allocentric mental rotation: Evidence from fMRI and a split-brain patient
Brain, drugs, and society
The cognitive neurosciences
The cognitive neurosciences
The human mind and the image of the future
Cognitive functions of the left hemisphere
El cerebro humano
S. & LeDoux
The integrated brain
Handbook of Behavioral Neurobiology, vol. 1
Interhemispheric interference in split-brain monkeys
The Bisected Brain, Appleton-Century-Crofts, New York, 1970
A note on Filbey and Gazzaniga’s “Splitting the brain with reaction time”
Smylie, c., Holtzman, J., & Wilson, D.(1982). Evidence for paracallosal verbal transfer after callosal section. A possible consequence of bilateral language organization
LeDoux. JE (1978) The integrated mind
The Cognitive Neurosciences
Interview with Michael Gazzaniga
Toward a theory of consciousness
Humans: the party animal
Letter of transmittal
Higher perceptual functions
Perspectives on neuroscience
Consciousness is an instinct
PURE ALEXIA-COGNITIVE AND ANATOMICAL CORRELATES
Proportional Anterior Commissure Area in Man and Monkey
Perceptual Development and Physiology
Tests for interocular transfer after tectal commissure transection in goldfish
The Split Brain and the Integrated Mind
The concept of diaschisis
One brain—two minds
Discrimination learning without reward
The Consciousness Instinct: Unraveling the Mystery of How the Brain Makes the Mind
Harm to self outweighs benefit to others in moral decision making
Understanding Layers: From Neuroscience to Human Responsibility
What's on your mind?
Blindsight: hypotheses and clinical implications
Mark D'Esposito with Michael S. Gazzaniga.
How the brain keeps time
Linking neuroimaging and cognitive neuropsychiatry
Testing tulving: The split brain approach
Information processing of visual stimuli in an ‘extinguished’field
Interhemispheric Transfer in a Callosotomy Patient.
A dissociation between illusory contour perception and amodal boundary completion following callosotomy
HERA and the split-brain
Hippocampal function and relational processing
FUNCTIONAL DISSOCIATIONS IN HEMISPATIAL NEGLECT-BRAINPRINTS AND QUANTITATIVE LESION LOCALIZATION
Group report: The integrative function of the neocortex
Perspectives in memory research
Mind and brain
Unifying control over the body: consciousness and cross-cueing in split-brain patients
Hemisphere
The fMRI Data Center
Learned dynamics of reaching movements generalize
Two brains–my life in science
Are human brains unique
All clones are not the same
Examining how task set modulates impressions of causality
Functional MRI in monkeys: A bridge between human and animal brain research
The Bisected Brain
The Cognitive Neurosciences
Recovered memory function following lateralized cortical damage.
Roles of the cerebral hemispheres in planning prehension: accuracy of movement selection following callosotomy
Deficits in perceptual matching in the left hemisphere of a callosotomy patient
Brain and mind: evolutionary perspectives: workshop V
Extrageniculostriate Mechanisms Underlying Visually-Guided Orientation Behavior
Gut thinking.
Localization of function: a perspective from cognitive neuropsychology
Legalize Drugs: Just Say Never
LANGUAGE, COGNITION, AND THE RIGHT-HEMISPHERE-LANGUAGE IN THE RIGHT-HEMISPHERE, CONVERGENT PERSPECTIVES-REPLY
Book Reviews: Wittrock, MC; Beatty, Jackson; Bogen, Joseph E.; Gazzaniga, Michael S.; Jerrison, Harry J.; Krashen, Stephen D.; Nebes, Robert D.; and Teyler, Timothy J., The …
IMPAIRED AUDITORY PATTERN-RECOGNITION IN MULTIPLE-SCLEROSIS (MS)
The fifteenth international symposium of neuropsychology
Split-brain, split-mind
Relatos desde los dos lados del cerebro: una vida dedicada a la neurociencia
Callosal organization predicts the level and effect of right frontal activity during verbal encoding on subsequent memory in healthy young adults
Attention in Split-Brain Patients
the fmri Data Center: A Progress Report: Poster number: 966
Regulatory affairs-Bioethics council calls for ban on reproductive human cloning
The line motion illusion in the normal and divided brain
Summary statistic measures for rapid assessment and clustering of fMRI time course dynamics
Picture superiority and the role of the left and right hemispheres during memory formation
The control of action
American Medical Association
Cross-Modal Priming in the Central and Peripheral Visual Field
Deficits of visual attention.
Stabilized Field Mapping of Residual Vision in Hemianopic Subjects.
Simple RT, Choice RT, and the Simon Effect in Callosotomy Patients.
Michael S. Gazzaniga
How the Mind Works
Paying attention to the brain
Between subject variability in the location of the calcarine fissure
Exploring Memory in the Aging Brain from the Perspective of Recent Split Brain Studies
Interview with floyd e. bloom
La plasticità del sistema nervoso centrale e il ruolo dell’interprete
Aspects of Brain Asymmetry
RIGHT-HEMISPHERE LANGUAGE-INSIGHTS INTO NORMAL LANGUAGE MECHANISMS
disturbances in Conceptual Space Involving Language Processes: 4: 45 Pm14
Lateralization and specialization of human language
Comparative commissure function: Interocular transfer of successive visual discriminations in cats
INTERHEMISPHERIC INTERACTION FOLLOWING BRAIN BISECTION
Cognitive Interaction after Staged Callosal Section: Evidence for Transfer of
Parliamentary Debates: House of Commons
Brain, Imagery, and Memory
Brain—Corpus Callosum: Review of the Split Brain
ROLE OF ANTERIOR COMMISSURE IN VISUAL INTEGRATION IN MAN
Split Brain
SOME COMPARATIVE EFFECTS OF DISCONNECTING CEREBRAL HEMISPHERES
Cold and lonely: Does social exclusion literally feel cold?
Human connectomics across the life span
Language and the psychoanalytic process: Psychoanalysis and Vygotskian psychology, Part II
Transitions and endings
5 Try It and Assume Nothing
Within, outside and in between: The relational unconscious
A life in neuroscience.
Keynote lecture 1: Plasticity following split-brain surgery
Time discounting and discounting time
Dynamic shifts in connectivity between frontal, occipital, hippocampal and striatal regions characterize statistical learning of spatial patterns
The global record of memory in hippocampal neuronal activity
Addition and subtraction by human infants
The Cognitive Neurosciences
The I-Illusion: How Consciousness and free Will are formed
Towards a characterization of minimal consciousness
Deep Ecology & Neuroscience: A Conversation
The concept of mental representations in light of recent infant research
Towards responsible use of cognitive-enhancing drugs by the healthy
Thought disorder and family relations of schizophrenics. I. A research strategy. II. A classification of forms of thinking
QnAs with Michael S. Gazzaniga. Interview by Prashant Nair.
Annotating to support learning in the content areas: Teaching and learning science
A comparative study of erotomanic and obsessional subjects in a forensic sample
Flaubert in Egypt: Confronting the Exotic
An Alternative View of the Neurobiology of Dreaming
Split-Brain Patients
Findings that shed new light on the possible pathogenesis of a disease or an adverse effect: Right hemisphere dominance for understanding the intentions of others: evidence …
Cognitive Enhancement Drugs-To Use or Not???
Michael S. Gazzaniga: Award for Distinguished Scientific Contributions
Vulnerability: a new view on schizophrenia
Janellen Huttenlocher
The frontal cortex-basal ganglia system in primates
Ante los tribunales. Temografías y resonancias cerebrales. Los tribunales están empezando a admitir las imágenes del cerebro como prueba, pero la técnica actual se halla muy …
Apes ‘R’Not Us
Feeling and thinking: Preferences need no inferences
Cognitive neuroscience: the evolution of a discipline
Peyman Adjamian
Peyman Adjamian Neurosciences Research Institute, Aston University, Birmingham, UK Peter A. Bandettini Laboratory of Brain and Cognition and Functional Magnetic Resonance …
Right hemisphere processes dominate the initial phase of visual statistical feature-learning
Dissecting the right brain
Maximizing Information
Googlebot|
Performance on a covert visual attention task is compared between a group of adults with developmental dyslexia (specifically phonological difficulties) and a group of age and …
Sourcing the self: An event-related FMRI study
Neuroanatomical correlates of statistical visual feature learning.
PERSPECTIVES-To what extent are we responsible for our actions? Neuroscience can help to answer ethical questions like this--But only up to a point
Ebbinghaus illusion in the tactile modality
Double duty for sex differences in the brain
of Book: In Cognitive Neurosciences III
Cognitive Sciences
Inventing racism
Part III-Human Studies-20 Hemispheric Asymmetries in the Parietal Lobes
Bilateral regulation of attention across time: The attentional blink in the split-brain
Motor affordances modulate visual sensory gain
Numerical abilities of the two cerebral hemispheres
Meeting Transcript January 17, 2002
Development and plasticity. Cognitive neuroscience
Brain Science and Public Discourse
LIVRES-Neurosciences cognitives
MRI assesment of spared fibers following callosotomy: A second look
Social facilitation
A Second American Century
Modulation of location-specific facial processing as a function of working memory load
Visual implicit memory in the left hemisphere: Evidence from callosotomy and right occipital-lobe lesion patients
Functional Neuroimaging of Human Memory
Temporal relationships among areas involved in planning prehension of visual objects: An event-related fMRI experiment
The visual cortex of man in standard anatomical space
Normal Levels of Visual Implicit Memory in the Left Hemisphere: Evidence from Callosotomy and Right Occipital-lobe Lesion Patients
Brief historical background
Right Hemisphere Deficits in Cognitive Processes
Hypothesis Formation and the Left Hemisphere
Representing Prehension of Tools: An Event-related fMRI Approach
Hemispheric Processing of Bistable Figures in a Callosotomy Patient
Size Matching and Grip Scaling by the Disconnected Hemispheres of a Callosotomy Patient
Steven J. Luck
Consciousness: A Look at the Left-brain “interpreter”
Commentary on the neuroscience session
Editor's Note and Announcement of a New Journal Section
Pyramidal Cell Size Asymmetries in Auditory and Language-Associated Cortical Regions of the Developing Human Brain.
Disturbance of bimodal representation of space in a split-brain patient.
Memory lost and memory regained: A case study of carbon monoxide intoxication.
Cognitive Neuroscience NeuroReport
When is an error a false memory?
The maturation of language-associated cortical regions in humans: Neurofilament expression
Differential expansion of the supragranular layers in the evolution of mammalian neocortex
Vision is our most powerful sense and, arguably, it gives us our most vivid sensory and imaginal experiences. It is also one of the best understood systems in contemporary …
Restructuring the university-Response
fathleen Baynes
Plasticity and cognitive disorders
Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuropsychology
User-Interface Design
Introduction to Consciousness
RIGHT-HEMISPHERE MEMORY SUPERIORITY-STUDIES OF A SPLIT-BRAIN PATIENT
Nature's Mind: The Biological Roots of Thinking, Emotions, Sexuality, Language, and Intelligence
ERP and RT signs of a rightward bias for spatial
Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuropsychology neuroíeport
Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuropsychology
THE MAN WHO TASTED SHAPES-A BIZARRE MEDICAL MYSTERY OFFERS REVOLUTIONARY INSIGHTS INTO EMOTIONS, REASONING, AND CONSCIOUSNESS-CYTOWIC, RE
Dreyfus, HL, 3% Dreyfus, SE, 396
Experimental and Theoretical Studies of Consciousness
Bidirectional control of saccadic eye movements by the disconnected cerebral hemispheres
HUMAN BRAIN ASYMMETRIES-EVIDENCE FROM BEHAVIORAL, ANATOMICAL AND ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL STUDIES
Multimodal Interactions in Sensory-Motor Processing
Brain surface maps from 3-D medical images
Multimodal interactions in sensory-motor processing(Annual Technical Report, Jul. 1990- Jul. 1991)
Multimodal Interactions in Sensory-Motor Processing
Effect of iotophoritically applied dopamine on the response of nucleus accumbens neurons to electrical stimulation of the amygdala
Books--Mind Matters by Michael Gazzaniga
Multimodal interactions in sensory-motor processing(Annual Technical Report, Jul. 1989- Jul. 1990)
Progress of cerebral palsy patients under inpatients circumstances
D'Arcais, I., 98 de Groot, A., 106 Deknatel, F., 95 Diene, Z., 94-5
Traduction vers le français des chapitres 2 et 6 de Functional neuroscience
Neurobiology of Neocortex cds. P. Rakic and W. Singer, pp. 385-405 John Wiley & Sons Limited© S. Bernhard. Dahlcm Konfercnzcn. 1988.
COMPUTER GENERATED FLAT MAP RECONSTRUCTIONS OF HUMAN CEREBRAL-CORTEX
Neurophysiological and Neuropsychological Aspects of Spatial Neglect, M. Jeannerod (editor)© Elsevier Science Publishers BV (North-Holland), 1987 203
Appreciation of reviewers
RUTH D. NASS MICHAEL S. GAZZANIGA
Handbook of Cognitive Neuroscience
Behavioral neurology: cerebral dominance.
The Social Brain. Discovering the Networks of the Mind. New York (Basic Books) 1985.
CEREBRAL-DOMINANCE-THE BIOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS-GESCHWIND, N, GALABURDA, AM
deficits in Visual/motor Control Despite Intact Subcortical Visual Areas: 1
What Does Language Do for a Hemisphere?
and complete section of the corpus callosum in man
Comparative Commissure Function: Interocular Transfer of Successive
Neuropsychology. Handbook of Neurobiology, 2
Harold L. Klawans, MD, Chicago. 132
IMMEDIATE VISUAL MEMORY CAPACITY IN SPLIT-BRAIN PATIENTS
Insect Behavior
Brain and Behavior
Ward's NEW line of microscope slides
2D GEL-ELECTROPHORESIS OF TECTAL PROTEINS IN REGENERATING VISUAL PATHWAY OF GOLDFISH
On the Mechanisms of Mind
Brain and Language
Cerebral Lateralization and Hemisphere Specialization
Brain and Intelligence
The Nature of Interhemispheric Communication
on DrgMetabolism
Dichotic listening in split brain subjects: Ipsilateral suppression reconsidered
MANIPULO-SPATIAL ASPECTS OF CEREBRAL LATERALIZATION
Introduction à la Neuropsychologie
An Illustrated History of Brain Function
Cortical Connections.(Book Reviews: The Bisected Brain)
STUDIES OF VISUAL PROCESSES IN BRAIN BISECTED MAN
Professional Societies
Chapters 5 and 6
Danielle S. Bassett, PhD
Neuroethics: An Introduction with Readings (Basic Bioethics)
Dissecting the Ethical Brain
Language, praxis, and the right hemisphere: Clues to some
IDENTIFICAÇÃO DAS DISCIPLINAS
Important People in Psychology
The Brain and the Human Condition
Janet Metcalfe,'Margaret Funnell,'and Michael S. Gazzaniga^
Bartlett, JC, & Searcy, J.(1993). Inversion and configuration of faces. Cognitive Psychology, 25, 281-316. Biederman, I.(1987). Recognition-by-components: A theory of human …
SL02 Neural mechanisms of the Mind’s Eye: Attention, selection and translation
Dr. Gazzaniga is the Principal Investigator on the following grants: Ongoing Research Support
Inequality: A Neuroscience Perspective
Two brains in one head?: The story of the split-brain phenomenon
and Clinical Neurosciences
Unilateral medial temporal lobe memory impairment: type deﬁcit, function deﬁcit
Neuroimaging of Mental Imagery
N. KAPUR, S. THOMPSON, P. COOK
CORPUS CALLOSUM CAT 629
Bruce Bridgeman University of California, Santa Cruz
William P. Banks Pomona College, Claremont, California
William P. Banks Pomona College, Claremont, California
Bernard J. Baars William P. Banks The Neurosciences Institute, San Diego, California Pomona College, Claremont, California
Volume 1 Author Index
Volume 3 Author Index
Unilateral medial temporal lobe memory impairment: type deﬁcit, function deﬁcit
1 article (s) will be saved.
Dejavniki in razvoj inteligentnosti Pregled vsebine
Motor Control in a Split-brain Patient Assessed Using Event-related Fmri
SUBREGION PARCELLATION AND TOPOGRAPHIC CONNECTIVITY MAPPING OF THE HUMAN CORPUS CALLOSUM USING DIFFUSION TENSOR IMAGING
The Ventriloquist in Motion
Visuocortical Activation during Mental Imagery Varies with the Source of the Image in Memory.
Object-based Selective Attention in a Split-brain
КОГНИТИВНАЯ НЕЙРОНАУКА: БИОЛОГИЯ ИНТЕЛЛЕКТА
The Editors of the HARVARD REVIEW OF PSYCHIATRY would like to thank everyone who has helped us during our third year of publication. Members of our Editorial Board have …
Program in Cognitive Neuroscience Dartmouth Medical School Hanover, New Hampshire
Neuroanatomical correlates of statistical visual feature learning D213
Conscious and Unconscious Cross-Form Processing Viewed with fMRI.
Fneurosurgery
Default-mode network dysfunction in psychopathic prisoners
Tematski pregled
