The genetics of Caenorhabditis elegans
Approximate Bayesian computation in population genetics
A proposal for a uniform nomenclature in bacterial genetics
Genetics of natural populations. V. Relations between mutation rate and accumulation of lethals in populations of Drosophila pseudoobscura
The population genetics of speciation: the evolution of hybrid incompatibilities.
A spatial statistical model for landscape genetics
Soft sweeps: molecular population genetics of adaptation from standing genetic variation
Population bottlenecks and nonequilibrium models in population genetics. II. Number of alleles in a small population that was formed by a recent bottleneck
Compensatory mutations, antibiotic resistance and the population genetics of adaptive evolution in bacteria
Genetics of natural populations. X. Dispersion rates in Drosophila pseudoobscura
Genetics of life history in Drosophila melanogaster. II. Exploratory selection experiments
Progress and promise of genome-wide association studies for human complex trait genetics
Molecular genetics of growth and development in populus. IV. Mapping QTLs with large effects on growth, form, and phenology traits in a forest tree.
Population genetics of polymorphism and divergence.
Principles of population genetics
Genetics of life history in Drosophila melanogaster. I. Sib analysis of adult females
The genetics of feeding in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Genetics of natural populations. XII. Experimental reproduction of some of the changes caused by natural selection in certain populations of Drosophila …
Arlequin (version 3.0): an integrated software package for population genetics data analysis
The population genetics of clonal and partially clonal diploids
MEGA2: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis software
Molecular evolutionary genetics
Genetics and analysis of quantitative traits
A model for the genetics of handedness
The population genetics of the origin and divergence of the Drosophila simulans complex species
Analysis of conditional genetic effects and variance components in developmental genetics.
Genetics of natural populations. XIII. Recombination and variability in populations of Drosophila pseudoobscura
The contribution of ecological genetics to evolutionary theory: detecting the direct effects of natural selection on particular polymorphic loci.
Dominance, epistasis and the genetics of postzygotic isolation
Genetics of natural populations. XIX. Origin of heterosis through natural selection in populations of Drosophila pseudoobscura
Association genetics in Pinus taeda LI Wood property traits
Estimation of average heterozygosity and genetic distance from a small number of individuals
Bayesian clustering using hidden Markov random fields in spatial population genetics
MEGA3: integrated software for molecular evolutionary genetics analysis and sequence alignment
Comparative genetics of disease resistance within the Solanaceae
MEGA6: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis version 6.0
MEGA4: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis (MEGA) software version 4.0
Mitochondrial genetics IX: a model for recombination and segregation of mitochondrial genomes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae
The genetics of levamisole resistance in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Genetics of somatic mammalian cells. IV. Properties of Chinese hamster cell mutants with respect to the requirement for proline
An introduction to population genetics theory.
Comparative genetics of nucleotide binding site-leucine rich repeat resistance gene homologues in the genomes of two dicotyledons: tomato and Arabidopsis
Arlequin suite ver 3.5: a new series of programs to perform population genetics analyses under Linux and Windows
Molecular and comparative genetics of mental retardation
MEGA5: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis using maximum likelihood, evolutionary distance, and maximum parsimony methods
Statistical method for testing the neutral mutation hypothesis by DNA polymorphism.
Multilevel selection 1: quantitative genetics of inheritance and response to selection
Quantitative trait locus mapping based on resampling in a vast maize testcross experiment and its relevance to quantitative genetics for complex traits
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the digestive system
Introduction to quantitative genetics
Dobzhansky, Bateson, and the genetics of speciation
Developmental quantitative genetics, conditional epigenetic variability and growth in mice
Genetics of natural populations IX. Temporal changes in the composition of populations of Drosophila pseudoobscura
The genetics of a viviparous top-minnow Platypoecilus; the inheritance of two kinds of melanophores
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the nervous system
DnaSP version 3: an integrated program for molecular population genetics and molecular evolution analysis.
Evolution and the genetics of populations, volume 3: experimental results and evolutionary deductions
Genetics of resistance to radiation in Escherichia coli
Theory of population genetics and evolutionary ecology: an introduction.
Molecular population genetics of the alcohol dehydrogenase gene region of Drosophila melanogaster
Twenty-five years ago in Genetics: electrophoresis in the development of evolutionary genetics: milestone or millstone?
Analysis of molecular variance inferred from metric distances among DNA haplotypes: application to human mitochondrial DNA restriction data.
Genetics and the Origin of Species
Developmental genetics of the Drosophila egg I. Identification of 59 sex-linked cistrons with maternal effects on embryonic development
Molecular population genetics of mtDNA size variation in crickets.
Differential fertility in population genetics models
Arlequin: a software for population genetics data analysis
Transmission genetics of chromatin from a synthetic amphidiploid to cultivated peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.): broadening the gene pool of a monophyletic polyploid …
NCBI GEO: archive for functional genomics data sets—update
Schizophrenia and genetics. A twin study vantage point
Genetics of natural populations. XVI. Altitudinal and seasonal changes produced by natural selection in certain populations of Drosophila pseudoobscura and …
Genetics of acetylcholinesterase in Drosophila melanogaster
Molecular population genetics and evolution.
Genetic applications of an inverse polymerase chain reaction.
BIOSYS-1: a FORTRAN program for the comprehensive analysis of electrophoretic data in population genetics and systematics
Association genetics of coastal Douglas fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii var. menziesii, Pinaceae). I. Cold-hardiness related traits
Embryo banks in the future of developmental genetics
Frankenstein's footsteps: science, genetics and popular culture
Inference of population structure using multilocus genotype data
Genetics of the left arm of the chromosome of bacteriophage lambda
Genetics of natural populations. XVIII. Experiments on chromosomes of Drosophila pseudoobscura from different geographic regions
Jeffrey H. Miller, A Short Course in Bacterial Genetics–A Laboratory Manual and Handbook for Escherichia coli and Related Bacteria. Cold Spring Harbor 1992. Cold …
MEGA7: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis version 7.0 for bigger datasets
Genetics of hybrid sterility and hybrid breakdown in an intersubspecific rice (Oryza sativa L.) population
Molecular population genetics of male accessory gland proteins in Drosophila
Mammalian cell genetics I. Selection and characterization of mutations auxotrophic for L-glutamine or resistant to 8-azaguanine in Chinese hamster cells in vitro
Introduction to conservation genetics
Emery and Rimoin's principles and practice of medical genetics
The genetics of vivipary in maize
A measure of population subdivision based on microsatellite allele frequencies.
Manual of quantitative genetics.
Development and evaluation of a genetics literacy assessment instrument for undergraduates
The genetics of an esterase in Drosophila melanogaster
Behavioral genetics
Statistical tests of neutrality of mutations against population growth, hitchhiking and background selection
Demographic genetics of brown trout (Salmo trutta) and estimation of effective population size from temporal change of allele frequencies
The molecular genetics and evolution of red and green color vision in vertebrates
Intraspecific phylogeography: the mitochondrial DNA bridge between population genetics and systematics
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the breast and female genital organs
Molecular population genetics of the distal portion of the X chromosome in Drosophila: evidence for genetic hitchhiking of the yellow-achaete region.
Pathology and genetics of head and neck tumours
Methods in yeast genetics
A microsatellite map of wheat
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the urinary system and male genital organs
The genetics of Schizophyllum commune
The principles of human biochemical genetics
Evolutionary genetics.
Genetics and experience: The interplay between nature and nurture.
Empirical threshold values for quantitative trait mapping.
Mapping mendelian factors underlying quantitative traits using RFLP linkage maps.
Genetics and demography in biological conservation
The effect of change in population size on DNA polymorphism.
Targeting DNA double-strand breaks with TAL effector nucleases
The impact of next-generation sequencing technology on genetics
Statistics in Human Genetics (Arnold Applications of Statistics Series)
Biometrical genetics: The study of continuous variation
Evolutionary genetics and environmental stress
All about albumin: biochemistry, genetics, and medical applications
The genetics of human populations
Genetic differentiation and estimation of gene flow from F-statistics under isolation by distance
Laboratory course manual for methods in yeast genetics
Narcolepsy in orexin knockout mice: molecular genetics of sleep regulation
Ecological genetics
Pathology and genetics of tumours of haematopoietic and lymphoid tissues
Evolution in Mendelian populations
A system of shuttle vectors and yeast host strains designed for efficient manipulation of DNA in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Guide to yeast genetics and molecular and cell Biology: Part C
The genetics of Aspergillus nidulans
The shared epitope hypothesis. An approach to understanding the molecular genetics of susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis
Genetics of plant isozymes
The number of alleles that can be maintained in a finite population
The mathematical theory of quantitative genetics.
In the name of eugenics: Genetics and the uses of human heredity
A new statistic for detecting genetic differentiation
Genetics of the evolutionary process
Genetics of bacteriocins produced by lactic acid bacteria
Computational genetics: computational analysis of microarray data
Landscape genetics: combining landscape ecology and population genetics
Inference of population structure using multilocus genotype data: linked loci and correlated allele frequencies
Isolation by distance
Mathematical population genetics 1: theoretical introduction
… and guidelines for the interpretation of sequence variants: a joint consensus recommendation of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics and the …
Microbial biofilms: from ecology to molecular genetics
On the probability of fixation of mutant genes in a population
Controlling the false discovery rate in behavior genetics research
DNA hypermethylation in tumorigenesis: epigenetics joins genetics
Genetics of populations
MEGA: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis software for microcomputers
The new genetics and clinical practice
Flavonoid biosynthesis. A colorful model for genetics, biochemistry, cell biology, and biotechnology
The mitochondrial genome of the honeybee Apis mellifera: complete sequence and genome organization.
Evolutionary relationship of DNA sequences in finite populations
Atherosclerosis: basic mechanisms: oxidation, inflammation, and genetics
Description and power analysis of two tests for detecting recent population bottlenecks from allele frequency data
Evolutionary parasitologythe integrated study of infections, immunology, ecology, and genetics
Molecular genetics of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Genetics: from genes to genomes
The molecular genetics of cancer
Advances in autism genetics: on the threshold of a new neurobiology
Apoptosis: a link between cancer genetics and chemotherapy
A generic estimation of population subdivision using distances between alleles with special reference for microsatellite loci
Population genetics.
Vogel and Motulsky's Human Genetics: Problems and Approaches
Genetics, natural history, tumor spectrum, and pathology of hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer: an updated review
Mouse genetics: concepts and applications.
Arlequin: a software for population genetics data analysis, version 2.000
On a matching problem arising in genetics
ABC of breast diseases: breast cancer—epidemiology, risk factors, and genetics
Pathology and genetics of tumours of endocrine organs
Genetics of gene expression surveyed in maize, mouse and man
Updates on the cytogenetics and molecular genetics of bone and soft tissue tumors: osteosarcoma and related tumors
Mitochondrial DNA and two perspectives on evolutionary genetics
Interpreting DNA evidence: statistical genetics for forensic scientists
A primer of population genetics.
The Masterpiece of Nature:: The Evolution and Genetics of Sexuality
Statistical tests of neutrality of mutations.
Genetics of wheat storage proteins and the effect of allelic variation on bread-making quality
Systems of mating. II. The effects of inbreeding on the genetic composition of a population
Evolutionary genetics of invasive species
Precision mapping of quantitative trait loci.
MEGA: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis, version 1.02
Mutations of bacteria from virus sensitivity to virus resistance
Nature and nurture: An introduction to human behavioral genetics.
Elements of evolutionary genetics
Genetics of leucine aminopeptidase isozymes in maize
Thompson & Thompson Genetics in Medicine E-Book
Methods of multilocus enzyme electrophoresis for bacterial population genetics and systematics.
Genetics and pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease
Prediction of total genetic value using genome-wide dense marker maps
A genetic map of the mouse suitable for typing intraspecific crosses.
Estimation of the coancestry coefficient: basis for a short-term genetic distance
Malignant astrocytic glioma: genetics, biology, and paths to treatment
A genetic linkage map for cattle.
Genetics and biochemistry of anthocyanin biosynthesis.
Mitochondrial genetics: a paradigm for aging and degenerative diseases?
PCR‐amplified microsatellites as markers in plant genetics
Likelihood models for detecting positively selected amino acid sites and applications to the HIV-1 envelope gene
Preservation of duplicate genes by complementary, degenerative mutations
Hitchhiking under positive Darwinian selection
The genetics of aldehyde oxidase in Drosophila melanogaster
Genetics of mouse behavior: interactions with laboratory environment
The genetics of ageing
Conservation genetics
Genetics and extinction
Genetics of cortisone-induced cleft palate in the mouse—embryonic and maternal effects
Population genetics of Caenorhabditis elegans: the paradox of low polymorphism in a widespread species
Genetics and education.
The stepping stone model of population structure and the decrease of genetic correlation with distance
Conservation and the genetics of populations
Pathogenesis and genetics of pre-eclampsia
[10] 5-Fluoroorotic acid as a selective agent in yeast molecular genetics
Pathology and genetics of tumours of soft tissue and bone
HLA types in celiac disease patients not carrying the DQA1* 05-DQB1* 02 (DQ2) heterodimer: results from the European Genetics Cluster on Celiac Disease
Pragmatics and statistics in psychiatric genetics
A test of neutral molecular evolution based on nucleotide data
Population genetics of haplodiploid insects
The average number of generations until fixation of a mutant gene in a finite population
Pairwise comparisons of mitochondrial DNA sequences in stable and exponentially growing populations.
The genetics of bacteria and their viruses. Studies in basic genetics and molecular biology.
Molecular genetics of human color vision: the genes encoding blue, green, and red pigments
Evolutionary quantitative genetics
Methods in Yeast Genetics: A Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Course Manual, 2005 Edition (Cold Spring)
Genetics and evolution of phenotypic plasticity
Quantitative genetics of sperm precedence in Drosophila melanogaster
From DNA to diversity: molecular genetics and the evolution of animal design
A computer program for the analysis of allelic variation in genetics
Beyond Bonferroni: less conservative analyses for conservation genetics
Genetics of mental disorders: A guide for students, clinicians, and researchers.
A review of the molecular genetics of the human alpha-globin gene cluster
A molecular approach to the study of genic heterozygosity in natural populations. II. Amount of variation and degree of heterozygosity in natural populations of …
Estimation of levels of gene flow from DNA sequence data.
Multidimensional nonlinear diffusion arising in population genetics
Microbial genetics: evolution experiments with microorganisms: the dynamics and genetic bases of adaptation
Testing differentiation in diploid populations
An introduction to medical genetics
Medical genetics: a marker for Stevens–Johnson syndrome
Biometrical Genetics-The Study Of Continous Variation
The genetics of autism
Methodology in medical genetics: an introduction to statistical methods
Fusarium mycotoxins: chemistry, genetics, and biology.
Genetics: analysis and principles
Sampling variances of heterozygosity and genetic distance
Evolution and the genetics of populations: Vol. 2. The theory of gene frequencies
How to track and assess genotyping errors in population genetics studies
Genetics of colonizing species, proceedings
Mathematical structures in population genetics. Biomathematics
Comparing evolvability and variability of quantitative traits.
Molecular genetics of human blood pressure variation
The genetic basis for constructing selection indexes
GENELAND: a computer package for landscape genetics
Pathogen population genetics, evolutionary potential, and durable resistance
Genetics and ophthalmology
The genetics of mammalian circadian order and disorder: implications for physiology and disease
Serology, chemistry, and genetics of O and K antigens of Escherichia coli.
Molecular genetics of the LDL receptor gene in familial hypercholesterolemia
DNA barcoding: how it complements taxonomy, molecular phylogenetics and population genetics
Psychobiology and molecular genetics of resilience
A method for gene disruption that allows repeated use of URA3 selection in the construction of multiply disrupted yeast strains
Estimation of past demographic parameters from the distribution of pairwise differences when the mutation rates vary among sites: application to human mitochondrial …
Time zones: a comparative genetics of circadian clocks
Concepts of genetics.
Nonlinear diffusion in population genetics, combustion, and nerve pulse propagation
The Neolithic transition and the genetics of populations in Europe
Applications of single nucleotide polymorphisms in crop genetics
A cladistic analysis of phenotypic associations with haplotypes inferred from restriction endonuclease mapping and DNA sequence data. III. Cladogram estimation.
Fostering students' knowledge and argumentation skills through dilemmas in human genetics
Genes: a software package for analysis in experimental statistics and quantitative genetics
The genetics of mood disorders.
Genetics of gene expression and its effect on disease
Genetic structure and diversity in Oryza sativa L.
The molecular genetics of Philadelphia chromosome–positive leukemias
Sustainability of transgenic insecticidal cultivars: integrating pest genetics and ecology
Genetics of austim: complex aetiology for a heterogeneous disorder
Molecular genetics of aminoglycoside resistance genes and familial relationships of the aminoglycoside-modifying enzymes.
Isozymes in plant genetics and breeding
Codon-substitution models for heterogeneous selection pressure at amino acid sites
Genomic libraries and a host strain designed for highly efficient two-hybrid selection in yeast
Quantitative genetics in maize breeding
" Doing the lesson" or" doing science": Argument in high school genetics
Physical maps of the six smallest chromosomes of Saccharomyces cerevisiae at a resolution of 2.6 kilobase pairs.
Identification and characterization of 22 genes that affect the vulval cell lineages of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Genetics of somatic mammalian cells: III. Long-term cultivation of euploid cells from human and animal subjects
Genealogy of principal strains of the yeast genetic stock center
The association of size differences with seed-coat pattern and pigmentation in Phaseolus vulgaris
Malignant glioma: genetics and biology of a grave matter
Biochemistry and genetics of von Willebrand factor
From chance to choice: Genetics and justice
A review on SNP and other types of molecular markers and their use in animal genetics
Genetics and the Social Behavior of the Dog
Statistical properties of the number of recombination events in the history of a sample of DNA sequences
Genetics of sexuality in higher fungi.
Qualitative genetics
Comparative genetics in the grasses
A stable genomic source of P element transposase in Drosophila melanogaster.
Population genetics—making sense out of sequence
Integration within the Felsenstein equation for improved Markov chain Monte Carlo methods in population genetics
Pancreatic cancer biology and genetics
Estimate of the mutation rate per nucleotide in humans
The variant call format and VCFtools
The genetics of inbreeding depression
Molecular genetics of plant disease resistance
Multilocus methods for estimating population sizes, migration rates and divergence time, with applications to the divergence of Drosophila pseudoobscura …
A tightly regulated inducible expression system for conditional gene knock-outs and dominant-negative genetics in Trypanosoma brucei
The genetics and regulation of heat-shock proteins
Highly expressed genes in yeast evolve slowly
The genetics of schizophrenia.
Genetics: Influence of TOR kinase on lifespan in C. elegans
Genetics of body-weight regulation
Population genetics, demographic connectivity, and the design of marine reserves
The genetics of mental disorders.
An evaluation of genetic distances for use with microsatellite loci.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide and its receptors: molecular genetics, physiology, pathophysiology, and therapeutic potentials
Principles of human genetics
Plant transposable elements: where genetics meets genomics
Sexuality and the genetics of bacteria.
A high-density rice genetic linkage map with 2275 markers using a single F2 population
The molecular genetics of crop domestication
The new mouse genetics: altering the genome by gene targeting
Introduction to theoretical population genetics
The enzymes, regulation, and genetics of bile acid synthesis
On the universality of human nature and the uniqueness of the individual: The role of genetics and adaptation
Genetics and mechanisms of glycopeptide resistance in enterococci.
RNA regulation: a new genetics?
Chromosomal genetics of Pseudomonas.
Maximum likelihood estimation of population growth rates based on the coalescent
Comparative genetics of coat colour in mammals.
Testing heterozygote excess and deficiency.
The molecular genetics of embryonic pattern formation in Drosophila
Practical isozyme genetics.
Ecological genetics of insecticide and acaricide resistance
New methods employing multilocus genotypes to select or exclude populations as origins of individuals
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex genetic diversity: mining the fourth international spoligotyping database (SpolDB4) for classification, population genetics …
The theory and analysis of diallel crosses
A Review of its Symptomatology, Natural History, Pathologic Features, Genetics And Relationship to the Natural Aging Process
A primer of ecological genetics.
The genetics of quantitative traits: challenges and prospects
Epidemiology and genetics of rheumatoid arthritis
Multifactorial genetics: Mapping and analysis of quantitative trait loci in experimental populations
Bayesian analysis of genetic differentiation between populations
Genetics and speciation
The genetics of addictions: uncovering the genes
Genetic distances and reconstruction of phylogenetic trees from microsatellite DNA
A high-throughput Arabidopsis reverse genetics system
Hairpin-tail: a case of post-reductional gene action in the mouse egg?
First course in population genetics.
DNA marker technologies and their applications in aquaculture genetics
Genetics in geographically structured populations: defining, estimating and interpreting FST
The origins of theoretical population genetics: with a new afterword
Bridging cognition, the brain and molecular genetics: evidence from Williams syndrome
pegas: an R package for population genetics with an integrated–modular approach
Construction of transgenic Drosophila by using the site-specific integrase from phage φC31
The developmental genetics of congenital heart disease
Molecular genetics of colorectal cancer
Efficiency of marker-assisted selection in the improvement of quantitative traits.
Experiments in microbial genetics
High density molecular linkage maps of the tomato and potato genomes.
The effect of deleterious mutations on neutral molecular variation.
Molecular biology of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: insights from genetics
Three laws of behavior genetics and what they mean
Amyloid β-protein and the genetics of Alzheimer's disease
Distinguishing migration from isolation: a Markov chain Monte Carlo approach
Problems on quantitative genetics.
Random processes in genetics
A HapMap harvest of insights into the genetics of common disease
Genetics of quantitative characters in relation to plant breeding
The developmental role of serotonin: news from mouse molecular genetics
Molecular genetics of polyketides and its comparison to fatty acid biosynthesis
Fast forward genetics based on virus-induced gene silencing
The genetics of caloric restriction in Caenorhabditis elegans
The genetics and genomics of cancer
Isogenic strain construction and gene mapping in Candida albicans.
A framework for community and ecosystem genetics: from genes to ecosystems
The genetics of the silkworm
Function and genetics of dystrophin and dystrophin-related proteins in muscle
Epidemiology, Genetics, and Ecology of ToxigenicVibrio cholerae
Stochastic kinetic analysis of developmental pathway bifurcation in phage λ-infected Escherichia coli cells
The neurobiology of sleep: genetics, cellular physiology and subcortical networks
Cytology and cyto-genetics.
The probability of duplicate gene preservation by subfunctionalization
The origin of the domestic pig: independent domestication and subsequent introgression
WOMBAT—A tool for mixed model analyses in quantitative genetics by restricted maximum likelihood (REML)
C. Genetics of Man Enzyme polymorphisms in man
Highly efficient genome modifications mediated by CRISPR/Cas9 in Drosophila
Gorlin's Syndromes of the Head and Neck (Oxford Monographs on Medical Genetics)
On measures of gametic disequilibrium.
Genetics and biology of vitamin D receptor polymorphisms
Genetics of host-parasite interaction.
Biochemistry and Genetics of Insect Resistance to B acillus thuringiensis
High resolution of quantitative traits into multiple loci via interval mapping.
Innate social aptitudes of man: an approach from evolutionary genetics
Maximum-likelihood estimation of migration rates and effective population numbers in two populations using a coalescent approach
Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxias: clinical features, genetics, and pathogenesis
GENETICS OF DERMAL RIDGES: BILATERAL ASYMMETRY IN FINGER RIDGE‐COUNTS
The genetics of depression: a review
Medical genetics: principles and practice
Asthma genetics 2006: the long and winding road to gene discovery
The minimum number of genes contributing to quantitative variation between and within populations
The genetics of human obesity
Chemical genetics strategy identifies an HCV NS5A inhibitor with a potent clinical effect
Rates of spontaneous mutation
… -Fox Experiment: Foxes bred for tamability in a 40-year experiment exhibit remarkable transformations that suggest an interplay between behavioral genetics …
Altered fidelity of mitotic chromosome transmission in cell cycle mutants of S. cerevisiae
The number of heterozygous nucleotide sites maintained in a finite population due to steady flux of mutations
Relationship of genetics, age, and physical fitness to daily energy expenditure and fuel utilization
How malaria has affected the human genome and what human genetics can teach us about malaria
Techniques for research in quantitative animal genetics
Lords of the fly: Drosophila genetics and the experimental life
Multifactorial genetics: The use of molecular genetics in the improvement of agricultural populations
A simple sequence repeat-based linkage map of barley
The new genetics and the public's health
New patterns in genetics and development.
Rat gene mapping using PCR-analyzed microsatellites.
Genetics of somatic mammalian cells, VII. Induction and isolation of nutritional mutants in Chinese hamster cells
Microsatellite marker development, mapping and applications in rice genetics and breeding
Bayesian inference of recent migration rates using multilocus genotypes
DNA polymorphism detectable by restriction endonucleases
Genetics and biology of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
EASYPOP (version 1.7): a computer program for population genetics simulations
Genetics of Parkinson disease: paradigm shifts and future prospects
… challenge of improving nitrogen use efficiency in crop plants: towards a more central role for genetic variability and quantitative genetics within integrated approaches
Epidemiology and genetics in the coevolution of parasites and hosts
Biochemistry and genetics of the ABO, Lewis, and P blood group systems
Plant resistance to herbivores and pathogens: ecology, evolution, and genetics
Molecular genetics of prostate cancer
Gametic disequilibrium measures: proceed with caution
Likelihood, Bayesian, and MCMC methods in quantitative genetics
Human genetics
Genetics for fish hatchery managers.
Putting the 'landscape'in landscape genetics
Genomics and the future of conservation genetics
Parallel genetic algorithms, population genetics and combinatorial optimization
RFLP maps based on a common set of clones reveal modes of chromosomal evolution in potato and tomato.
Genetics and the search for modern human origins
Genetics, pathogenesis and clinical interventions in type 1 diabetes
Homoplasy and mutation model at microsatellite loci and their consequences for population genetics analysis
Multifactorial genetics: understanding quantitative genetic variation
The genetics and immunopathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease
How culture shaped the human genome: bringing genetics and the human sciences together
Genome engineering of Drosophila with the CRISPR RNA-guided Cas9 nuclease
What do genetics and ecology tell us about the design of nature reserves?
Forensic DNA typing: biology, technology, and genetics of STR markers
Genetics of retinoblastoma
Evolutionary quantitative genetics: how little do we know?
Association mapping of kernel size and milling quality in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) cultivars
The genetics and biochemistry of floral pigments
Transcriptome genetics using second generation sequencing in a Caucasian population
The impact of genetic relationship information on genome-assisted breeding values
The genetics of corn
Genetics of rheumatoid arthritis contributes to biology and drug discovery
Trichothecene biosynthesis in Fusarium species: chemistry, genetics, and significance.
Physicians' knowledge of genetics and genetic tests.
Prokaryotic osmoregulation: genetics and physiology
The Ribosomal Database Project: improved alignments and new tools for rRNA analysis
Cytochrome P450 2D6: overview and update on pharmacology, genetics, biochemistry
Impaired attention, genetics, and the pathophysiology of schizophrenia.
The locus of evolution: evo devo and the genetics of adaptation
A genome-scan method to identify selected loci appropriate for both dominant and codominant markers: a Bayesian perspective
The GeneMANIA prediction server: biological network integration for gene prioritization and predicting gene function
An Arabidopsis thaliana T-DNA mutagenized population (GABI-Kat) for flanking sequence tag-based reverse genetics
The genetics and pathology of oxidative phosphorylation
Population genetics: a concise guide
The molecular-genetics of nitrogen assimilation into amino acids in higher plants
Review of the Lynch syndrome: history, molecular genetics, screening, differential diagnosis, and medicolegal ramifications
The molecular genetics of the T-cell antigen receptor and T-cell antigen recognition
Heredity in health and mental disorder; principles of psychiatric genetics in the light of comparative twin studies.
Some aspects of normal and abnormal cell surface genetics
Molecular genetics of inherited variation in human color vision
Efficient control of population structure in model organism association mapping
Principles of genetics.
Genetics for the animal sciences
The genetics of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: dissecting psychosis
Molecular genetics and epidemiology of the NAT1 and NAT2 acetylation polymorphisms
Identification of trait-improving quantitative trait loci alleles from a wild rice relative, Oryza rufipogon
Toward a saturated linkage map in tomato based on isozymes and random cDNA sequences
The evolution and genetics of innate immunity
Genetics of human cell lines: III. Incorporation of 5-bromo-and 5-Iododeoxyhridine into the deoxyribonucleic acid of human cells and its effect on radiation sensitivity
Theoretical aspects of population genetics
Plant comparative genetics after 10 years
Targeted chromosomal cleavage and mutagenesis in Drosophila using zinc-finger nucleases
Genetics of human cell lines, IV. DNA-mediated heritable transformation of a biochemical trait
BRCA1 and BRCA2 and the genetics of breast and ovarian cancer
Human evolutionary genetics: origins, peoples & disease
The new look of behavioral genetics in developmental psychopathology: gene-environment interplay in antisocial behaviors.
Population genetics of BRCA1 and BRCA2.
Separating population structure from population history: a cladistic analysis of the geographical distribution of mitochondrial DNA haplotypes in the tiger salamander …
The AH-receptor: genetics, structure and function.
Genetics and mental retardation syndromes: A new look at behavior and interventions.
Removing the genetics from the standard genetic algorithm
Biochemistry and genetics of eukaryotic mismatch repair.
The Genetics of Schizophrenia: A Current, Genetic-Epidemioiogic Perspective.
Development, genetics, and psychology
dCAPS, a simple technique for the genetic analysis of single nucleotide polymorphisms: experimental applications in Arabidopsis thaliana genetics
Prefrontal neurons and the genetics of schizophrenia
Simple methods for testing the molecular evolutionary clock hypothesis.
Genetics and cytogenetics of multiple myeloma: a workshop report
The population genetics of adaptation: the distribution of factors fixed during adaptive evolution
Basic concepts in population, quantitative, and evolutionary genetics.
Next-generation sequencing technologies and their implications for crop genetics and breeding
The genetics of autistic disorders and its clinical relevance: a review of the literature
Quantitative genetics in sheep breeding.
Mammalian cell genetics. II. Chemical induction of specific locus mutations in Chinese hamster cells in vitro
An approach to population and evolutionary genetic theory for genes in mitochondria and chloroplasts, and some results
Permutation tests for multiple loci affecting a quantitative character
MOLECULAR GENETICS OF SPORULATION IN BACILLUS SUBTILIS
Molecular genetics of bacteria
Thirty years of Alzheimer's disease genetics: the implications of systematic meta-analyses
Cancer genetics
Parametric statistical change point analysis: with applications to genetics, medicine, and finance
Enzyme variability in the Drosophila willistoni group. IV. Genic variation in natural populations of Drosophila willistoni
Genetics and geography of wild cereal domestication in the Near East
The genetics of Alzheimer disease: back to the future
Identification of genetic factors contributing to heterosis in a hybrid from two elite maize inbred lines using molecular markers.
The genetic covariance between characters maintained by pleiotropic mutations
Introduction to forest genetics
Genetics versus environment in inflammatory bowel disease: results of a British twin study
Epistasis and its contribution to genetic variance components.
Creation of low-copy integrated transgenic lines in Caenorhabditis elegans
Dementia of the Alzheimer type: clinical genetics, natural history, and associated conditions
The theoretical population genetics of variable selection and migration
Behavioral genetics in the postgenomic era.
Application of inter simple sequence repeat (ISSR) markers to plant genetics
A low mutation rate for chloroplast microsatellites
Interval mapping of multiple quantitative trait loci.
Multiple interval mapping for quantitative trait loci
The evolutionary advantage of recombination
New frontiers in Alzheimer's disease genetics
Equilibrium values of measures of population subdivision for stepwise mutation processes
Genetics and assembly line enzymology of siderophore biosynthesis in bacteria
Population structure in Daphnia obtusa: quantitative genetic and allozymic variation.
Comparative gene expression profiles following UV exposure in wild-type and SOS-deficient Escherichia coli
The role of double-strand break repair—insights from human genetics
Genomewide screen and identification of gene-gene interactions for asthma-susceptibility loci in three US populations: collaborative study on the genetics of …
State of play in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis genetics
The genetics of the mouse
Analysis of families in the multiple autoimmune disease genetics consortium (MADGC) collection: the PTPN22 620W allele associates with multiple …
The sequence alignment/map format and SAMtools
Genetic linkage maps of Eucalyptus grandis and Eucalyptus urophylla using a pseudo-testcross: mapping strategy and RAPD markers.
Behavior genetics
Hybrid dysgenesis in Drosophila melanogaster: a syndrome of aberrant traits including mutation, sterility and male recombination
Introduction to quantitative genetics (4th edn)
Genetics of global gene expression
Genetics of emotional regulation: the role of the serotonin transporter in neural function
Empirical tests of some predictions from coalescent theory with applications to intraspecific phylogeny reconstruction.
Genetics of poliovirus
Consanguinity and its relevance to clinical genetics
Genetic engineering in vivo using translocatable drug-resistance elements: new methods in bacterial genetics
Genome sequence, comparative analysis, and population genetics of the domestic horse
Quantitative genetics and developmental constraints on evolution by selection
Measwring and testing genetic differentiation with ordered versus unordered alleles
Genetics of convulsive disorders II. Genetic and electroencephalographic studies in centrencephalic epilepsy
An introgression line population of Lycopersicon pennellii in the cultivated tomato enables the identification and fine mapping of yield-associated QTL.
Molecular genetics of the bithorax complex in Drosophila melanogaster
The hemoglobins in genetics and evolution.
Genetics meets metabolomics: a genome-wide association study of metabolite profiles in human serum
Human genetics shape the gut microbiome
Data withholding in academic genetics: evidence from a national survey
Genetics of osteoporosis.
A model for three-point analysis of random general transduction
Gene loss, silencing and activation in a newly synthesized wheat allotetraploid
What we do and don't know about'race','ethnicity', genetics and health at the dawn of the genome era.
Hirschsprung disease, associated syndromes and genetics: a review
A short history of genetics: the development of some of the main lines of thought: 1864-1939.
A molecular approach to the study of genic heterozygosity in natural populations. I. The number of alleles at different loci in Drosophila pseudoobscura
Somatic crossing over and segregation in Drosophila melanogaster
Genetics of aging
Ecology, genetics, and evolution of metapopulations
Biotechnics & society: The rise of industrial genetics
Wheat storage proteins: their genetics and their potential for manipulation by plant breeding
The physiology, genetics and molecular biology of plant aluminum resistance and toxicity
Chemical genetics: ligand-based discovery of gene function
Domestic-animal genomics: deciphering the genetics of complex traits
MELAS: clinical features, biochemistry, and molecular genetics
Peroxisome biogenesis disorders: genetics and cell biology
The Bayesian revolution in genetics
Spontaneous abortion risks in man: data from reproductive histories collected in a medical genetics unit
Manual of procedures in quantitative genetics.
The genetics of plant metabolism
The major histocompatibility complex—genetics and biology
Recent advances in genetics, diagnosis, localization, and treatment of pheochromocytoma
Cancer genetics and epigenetics: two sides of the same coin?
Conservation genetics: where are we now?
The genetics of human adaptation: hard sweeps, soft sweeps, and polygenic adaptation
The genetics of cleft lip and cleft palate.
Genetics of multiple sclerosis
Genetics of programmed cell death in C. elegans: past, present and future
Quantitative genetics
Systems genetics of complex traits in Drosophila melanogaster
Diffusion models in population genetics
Heterosis as a major cause of heterozygosity in nature
The origin, emergence and evolutionary genetics of dengue virus
Origins of the coalescent: 1974-1982
Array-based technology and recommendations for utilization in medical genetics practice for detection of chromosomal abnormalities
Genetics and conservation; a reference for managing wild animals and plant populations
The genetics of Paramecium aurelia.
A note on effective population size with overlapping generations
Genetics of myeloid leukemias
The mitochondrial genomes of two nematodes, Caenorhabditis elegans and Ascaris suum.
Mammalian mitochondrial genetics: heredity, heteroplasmy and disease
Emery's Elements of Medical Genetics E-Book
Genetics of human cancer
Molecular genetics of the P-450 superfamily
The biochemistry and genetics of capsular polysaccharide production in bacteria
Molecular genetics of prostate cancer: new prospects for old challenges
Genetics: what is a gene?
The role of DNA methylation in cancer genetics and epigenetics
Distribution of gene frequency as a test of the theory of the selective neutrality of polymorphisms
Molecular genetics and diagnosis of thyroid cancer
The" hitchhiking effect" revisited.
Genetics and developmental psychopathology: 2. The main effects of genes and environment on behavioral problems in the Virginia Twin Study of Adolescent …
Alcoholism and genetics
Genetics of adeno-associated virus: isolation and preliminary characterization of adeno-associated virus type 2 mutants.
The molecular genetics of Marfan syndrome and related microfibrillopathies
Gene flow by pollen: implications for plant conservation genetics
GC-content evolution in mammalian genomes: the biased gene conversion hypothesis
Diffusion processes in genetics
Genetics of susceptibitlity to human infectious disease
Saturated molecular map of the rice genome based on an interspecific backcross population.
Molecular genetics of polyamine synthesis in eukaryotic cells
A coalescent-based method for detecting and estimating recombination from gene sequences
Genetics of the Fowl: The Classic Guide to Chicken Genetics and Poultry Breeding
Genetics and the specificity of the aging process
Reverse genetics by chemical mutagenesis in Caenorhabditis elegans
Genetics: junk DNA as an evolutionary force
Counseling and DNA testing for individuals perceived to be genetically predisposed to melanoma: a consensus statement of the Melanoma Genetics …
Genetics of HUS: the impact of MCP, CFH, and IF mutations on clinical presentation, response to treatment, and outcome
Mendelian factors underlying quantitative traits in tomato: comparison across species, generations, and environments.
Principles ofhuman genetics
GENEPOP: Population genetics software for exact tests and ecumenism. Vers. 1.2
Evolution, genetics, and man.
The pathophysiology and genetics of congenital lipoid adrenal hyperplasia
Genes, genetics, and epigenetics: a correspondence
Molecular genetics of retinitis pigmentosa.
Drug reactions, enzymes, and biochemical genetics
Molecular genetics and the stock concept in fisheries
Population genetics
Methods in the general biology and genetics of Paramecium aurelia
Positive and negative selection on the human genome
Genetics of Asthma and Hay Fever in Australian Twins1-3
Estimating mutation parameters, population history and genealogy simultaneously from temporally spaced sequence data
Genetics of somatic mammalian cells: II. Chromosomal constitution of cells in tissue culture
A generalized approach for estimating effective population size from temporal changes in allele frequency.
Cystic fibrosis population carrier screening: 2004 revision of American College of Medical Genetics mutation panel
Crafting science: A sociohistory of the quest for the genetics of cancer
Developmental genetics of the mechanosensory neurons of Caenorhabditis elegans
Genetics of fitness and physical performance
The population genetics of dN/dS
Genetic variation in natural populations of five Drosophila species and the hypothesis of the selective neutrality of protein polymorphisms
Community and ecosystem genetics: a consequence of the extended phenotype
Molecular genetics of the RNA polymerase II general transcriptional machinery
Probability models and statistical methods in genetics.
The homozygosity test of neutrality
The genetics of inflammatory bowel disease
Principles of plant genetics and breeding
KORA-gen-resource for population genetics, controls and a broad spectrum of disease phenotypes
Analysis of the inheritance, selection and evolution of growth trajectories.
Length polymorphisms of simple sequence repeat DNA in soybean.
The genetics of Drosophila melanogaster
The population genetics of commensal Escherichia coli
Genetics, cytology, and evolution of Gossypium
Genetic mapping in Saccharomyces
The evolutionary genetics of speciation
Acute promyelocytic leukemia: from genetics to treatment
Naturally occurring variation in Arabidopsis: an underexploited resource for plant genetics
Identification of novel genes in Arabidopsis involved in secondary cell wall formation using expression profiling and reverse genetics
Genotype-environment interactions and the maintenance of polygenic variation.
DNA Commission of the International Society of Forensic Genetics (ISFG): an update of the recommendations on the use of Y-STRs in forensic analysis
Mathematical Theories of Populations: Deomgraphics, Genetics, and Epidemics
Association genetics of complex traits in conifers
Quantitative genetics and fitness: lessons from Drosophila
Parenting and its effects on children: On reading and misreading behavior genetics
Genetics and genomics of core short tandem repeat loci used in human identity testing
Variability within and among natural populationsEvolution and the genetics of populations: A Treatise in Four Volumes
Genetics of common disorders
Allele frequencies at microsatellite loci: the stepwise mutation model revisited.
Chemical genetics resulting from a passion for synthetic organic chemistry
Modern genetics
Dominance is the major genetic basis of heterosis in rice as revealed by QTL analysis using molecular markers.
Gene mapping with recombinant inbreds in maize.
The genetics of speciation at the diploid level
Line-of-descent and genealogical processes, and their applications in population genetics models
A simple and robust statistical test for detecting the presence of recombination
Genetics of lactase persistence and lactose intolerance
The polymerase chain reaction: a new method of using molecular genetics for medical diagnosis
Rapid subfunctionalization accompanied by prolonged and substantial neofunctionalization in duplicate gene evolution
History of genetics
Detecting shared pathogenesis from the shared genetics of immune-related diseases
The molecular basis of dominance
The evolutionary genetics of personality
Genetics of lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis in enteric bacteria.
Combining population genomics and quantitative genetics: finding the genes underlying ecologically important traits
Systematic gain-of-function genetics in Drosophila
The epidemiology and genetics of atopic allergy
The genetics of autism spectrum disorders and related neuropsychiatric disorders in childhood
Genetic design and statistical power of nested association mapping in maize
Genetics society of canada award of excellence lecture an induced mutant with homoeologous pairing in common wheat
Genetics in obstetrics and gynecology
Mitochondrial DNA and the evolutionary genetics of higher animals
Physiology and genetics of procalcitonin
The emergence of bacterial genetics
Genetics of phosphate solubilization and its potential applications for improving plant growth-promoting bacteria
Genetics and breeding
Genetics of natural resistance to herpesvirus infections in mice
Genetics and early development of zebrafish
Evolution and the genetics of populations. Vol. 1. Genetic and biométrie foundations.
Genetics of Aux/IAA and ARF action in plant growth and development
ApoE-4 and age at onset of Alzheimer's disease the NIMH genetics initiative
Genetics and conservation of rare plants
Stochastic gene expression in fluctuating environments
Genetics and the fitness of hybrids
Genetics and pathogenesis of polycystic kidney disease
Accuracy and power of statistical methods for detecting adaptive evolution in protein coding sequences and for identifying positively selected sites
A mutation in the age-1 gene in Caenorhabditis elegans lengthens life and reduces hermaphrodite fertility.
Genomewide nonadditive gene regulation in Arabidopsis allotetraploids
RFLP mapping in soybean: association between marker loci and variation in quantitative traits.
Forest genetics
Fine mapping of quantitative trait loci using selected overlapping recombinant chromosomes, in an interspecies cross of tomato.
The analysis of continuous variation in a diallel cross of Nicotiana rustica varieties
Molecular-marker-facilitated investigations of quantitative-trait loci in maize. I. Numbers, genomic distribution and types of gene action
Pathology and genetics of skin tumours
Genome engineering with zinc-finger nucleases
Cortical thickness or grey matter volume? The importance of selecting the phenotype for imaging genetics studies
Pedigree analysis in human genetics
Genetics and probability in animal breeding experiments.
A genetic linkage map of a cichlid fish, the tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus)
The population genetics of fungi: tools and techniques
COSMIC: High‐resolution cancer genetics using the catalogue of somatic mutations in cancer
Genetics of actin-related sequences in tomato
Advanced intercross lines, an experimental population for fine genetic mapping.
Paraoxonase: biochemistry, genetics and relationship to plasma lipoproteins.
Genetics of obesity in humans
Chemical genetics of Plasmodium falciparum
Will genetics revolutionize medicine?
Saposins: structure, function, distribution, and molecular genetics.
Genetics, evolution, and man
ATP-dependent chromatin remodeling: genetics, genomics and mechanisms
Breast cancer genetics: what we know and what we need
Mapping quantitative trait loci controlling milk production in dairy cattle by exploiting progeny testing.
Comprehensive research synopsis and systematic meta-analyses in Parkinson's disease genetics: The PDGene database
Quantitative genetics and selection in plant breeding
Breeding, selection, and the genetics of salt tolerance
The genetics of pigmentation: from fancy genes to complex traits
The genetics and molecular biology of the synaptonemal complex
A role for molecular genetics in the recognition and conservation of endangered species
Genetic analysis of ethylene signal transduction in Arabidopsis thaliana: five novel mutant loci integrated into a stress response pathway.
Developmental genetics of the lactate dehydrogenase isozymes of fish
The genetics of alcohol metabolism: role of alcohol dehydrogenase and aldehyde dehydrogenase variants
1 The population genetics of the haemoglobinopathies
Leptospira: the dawn of the molecular genetics era for an emerging zoonotic pathogen
Bacterial persistence: a model of survival in changing environments
Estimating levels of gene flow in natural populations
Multiple sclerosis: geoepidemiology, genetics and the environment
Clinical and molecular genetics of patients with the Carney–Stratakis syndrome and germline mutations of the genes coding for the succinate dehydrogenase subunits …
Genetics and genetic improvement of drought resistance in crop plants
Hirschsprung disease, associated syndromes, and genetics: a review
Physiology and molecular genetics of poly (β‐hydroxyalkanoic acid) synthesis in Alcaligenes eutrophus
CNVs: harbingers of a rare variant revolution in psychiatric genetics
Genetics and intelligence: A review
Evolutionary genetics of genome merger and doubling in plants
Organelle gene diversity under migration, mutation, and drift: equilibrium expectations, approach to equilibrium, effects of heteroplasmic cells, and comparison to …
Genetics and American Society; a historical approach
Biochemical genetics of glutathione-S-transferase in man.
Synonymous codon usage in Drosophila melanogaster: natural selection and translational accuracy.
A second-generation genetic linkage map of tilapia (Oreochromis spp.)
Effect of recombination on the accuracy of the likelihood method for detecting positive selection at amino acid sites
Metapopulation dynamics and genetics
What can genetics tell us about population connectivity?
The genetics and pathology of Rhizoctonia solani
Comparative quantitative genetics: evolution of the G matrix
Molecular genetics. An introductory narrative.
RFLP mapping of genes conferring complete and partial resistance to blast in a durably resistant rice cultivar.
Genetics and the Races of Man
The structure, function, and molecular genetics of the gamma/delta T cell receptor
Estimation of the components of heterosis
Molecular genetics of acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Clinical genetics of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: what do we really know?
A TILLING reverse genetics tool and a web-accessible collection of mutants of the legume Lotus japonicus
Psychiatric genetics: search for phenotypes
Population genetics in animal breeding.
Molecular genetics of circadian rhythms in mammals
The stability of broken ends of chromosomes in Zea mays
Ecological genetics: design, analysis, and application
Liquid biopsy: monitoring cancer-genetics in the blood
Autism and genetics: a decade of research
Psychiatric genetics: progress amid controversy
Bacterial genetics by flow cytometry: rapid isolation of Salmonella typhimurium acid‐inducible promoters by differential fluorescence induction
Genetics, physiology, and evolutionary relationships of the genus Buchnera: intracellular symbionts of aphids
Behavioral genetics and personality
The role of selection in the evolution of human mitochondrial genomes
A dictionary of genetics
Biological functions of the small leucine-rich proteoglycans: from genetics to signal transduction
A nonparametric approach for mapping quantitative trait loci.
The genetics of maize evolution
Genetics of insect resistance to chemicals
An extension of the concept of partitioning hereditary variance for analysis of covariances among relatives when epistasis is present
Some problems of stochastic processes in genetics
Fitness and its role in evolutionary genetics
Molecular genetics of the most endangered canid: the Ethiopian wolf Canis simensis
Analysis of GABAA Receptor Function and Dissection of the Pharmacology of Benzodiazepines and General Anesthetics Through Mouse Genetics
Prevalence of carriers of premutation-size alleles of the FMRI gene--and implications for the population genetics of the fragile X syndrome.
Shiga toxin: biochemistry, genetics, mode of action, and role in pathogenesis
Elements of genetics
Population and evolutionary genetics: a primer.
Genetic analysis of tissue aging in Caenorhabditis elegans: a role for heat-shock factor and bacterial proliferation
Isolation by distance under diverse systems of mating
The miR-17/92 cluster: a comprehensive update on its genomics, genetics, functions and increasingly important and numerous roles in health and disease
New IBD genetics: common pathways with other diseases
Genetics of heterosis for earliness in the tomato
A detailed linkage map of medaka, Oryzias latipes: comparative genomics and genome evolution
The molecular genetics of Usher syndrome
Genomewide rapid association using mixed model and regression: a fast and simple method for genomewide pedigree-based quantitative trait loci association …
Interactions between gut microbiota, host genetics and diet relevant to development of metabolic syndromes in mice
The neurobiology and genetics of suicide and attempted suicide: a focus on the serotonergic system
High-efficiency transformation of Chlamydomonas reinhardtii by electroporation
Inference of bacterial microevolution using multilocus sequence data
Clinical and molecular genetics of Stickler syndrome
The population genetics of synthetic lethals
PGDSpider: an automated data conversion tool for connecting population genetics and genomics programs
Allelic genealogy under overdominant and frequency-dependent selection and polymorphism of major histocompatibility complex loci.
Pharmacogenomics knowledge for personalized medicine
Non-disjunction as proof of the chromosome theory of heredity (concluded)
World Health Organization classification of tumours. Pathology and genetics of head and neck tumours
Genetics of craniofacial development and malformation
The genetics of RNA silencing
Genetics of Alzheimer disease
Inferring weak selection from patterns of polymorphism and divergence at" silent" sites in Drosophila DNA.
Assessing the molecular genetics of attention networks
Molecular biology and genetics of tubulin
Inbreeding and linkage
Laboratory protocols: CIMMYT applied molecular genetics laboratory
… silencing of cytoplasmic genes using sequence-specific double-stranded short interfering RNA and its application in the reverse genetics of wild type …
Genetics of red cells and susceptibility to malaria
Recent advances in the genetics of Paramecium and Euplotes
NIMH genetics initiative millennium schizophrenia consortium: Linkage analysis of African‐American pedigrees
Chemical-and irradiation-induced mutants of indica rice IR64 for forward and reverse genetics
Testing for heterogeneity of recombination fraction values in human genetics
A molecular approach to the study of genic heterozygosity in natural populations IV. Patterns of genic variation in central, marginal and isolated populations of …
Comparative genetics of hybrid incompatibility: sterility in two Solanum species crosses
The expansion of conservation genetics
Genetics of autism spectrum disorders
DNA Commission of the International Society of Forensic Genetics: recommendations on forensic analysis using Y-chromosome short tandem repeats
Ecology, physiology, and genetics of fimbriae and pili
Verbal declarative memory dysfunction in schizophrenia: from clinical assessment to genetics and brain mechanisms
Documenting domestication: the intersection of genetics and archaeology
Are eukaryotic microorganisms clonal or sexual? A population genetics vantage.
Zebrafish genetics and vertebrate heart formation
Neuregulin 1 and schizophrenia: genetics, gene expression, and neurobiology
Adrenoleukodystrophy: phenotype, genetics, pathogenesis and therapy.
Epigenetic inheritance and the missing heritability problem
Experience from clinical genetics in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: proposal for new diagnostic criteria in adult members of affected families.
How flies get their size: genetics meets physiology
Archaeal genetics—the third way
Principles of genetics
Genetics, development and evolution of adaptive pigmentation in vertebrates
Population genetics and evolution.
Physiology and genetics of the dimorphic fungus Yarrowia lipolytica
Origin, evolution, population genetics and resources for breeding of wild barley, Hordeum spontaneum, in the Fertile Crescent.
Molecular genetics of multiple endocrine neoplasia types 1 and 2
Troponin T: genetics, properties and function
The theory of speciation via the founder principle
Selfish DNA: a sexually-transmitted nuclear parasite
Phenotypic characterization of individuals with 30–40 CAG repeats in the Huntington disease (HD) gene reveals HD cases with 36 repeats and apparently normal …
The genetics of variation in gene expression
The genetics of behavior.
Detecting marker-QTL linkage and estimating QTL gene effect and map location using a saturated genetic map.
Analysing georeferenced population genetics data with Geneland: a new algorithm to deal with null alleles and a friendly graphical user interface
Genetics, law, and social policy
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: recent insights from genetics and transgenic mice
Analysis of flanking sequences from dissociation insertion lines: a database for reverse genetics in Arabidopsis
Single nucleotide polymorphisms as tools in human genetics
Genetics of flowering plants
Homologous recombination in Escherichia coli: dependence on substrate length and homology
A microsatellite linkage map of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) characterized by large sex-specific differences in recombination rates
The genetics revolution and the assault on rheumatoid arthritis
Quantitative genetics and the evolution of reaction norms
Deconstructing the relationship between genetics and race
Mutants of yeast defective in mutation induced by ultraviolet light
Veterinary genetics.
Review and hypotheses: somatic mosaicism: observations related to clinical genetics.
Isozymic gene linkage map of the tomato: applications in genetics and breeding
Epistasis for three grain yield components in rice (Oryxa sativa L.)
The role of population genetics in resistance research and management
Genetics of Crohn disease, an archetypal inflammatory barrier disease
RADSeq: next-generation population genetics
Optimization models, quantitative genetics, and mutation
Genetics of type 1 diabetes mellitus
Prader-Willi syndrome: advances in genetics, pathophysiology and treatment
Cell genetics and hereditary symbiosis
Science & society: Educating health-care professionals about genetics and genomics
Molecular genetics of heat tolerance and heat shock proteins in cereals
Historical genetics: the parentage of Chardonnay, Gamay, and other wine grapes of northeastern France
Mitochondrial DNA polymorphism and a connection between genetics and demography of relevance to conservation
Cross‐cultural estimation of the human generation interval for use in genetics‐based population divergence studies
Genetics of plant virus resistance
Host movement and the genetic structure of populations of parasitic nematodes.
Linkage disequilibrium and persistence of phase in Holstein–Friesian, Jersey and Angus cattle
Genetics of chronic lymphocytic leukemia: genomic aberrations and VVH gene mutation status in pathogenesis and clinical course
Mannose-binding lectin: structure, function, genetics and disease associations.
Finely orchestrated movements: evolution of the ribosomal RNA genes
Human genetics and disease: Beyond Mendel: an evolving view of human genetic disease transmission
Intelligence: genetics, genes, and genomics.
Rethinking behavior genetics
The genetics of ivermectin resistance in Caenorhabditis elegans
Population genetics
Bacterial iron transport: mechanisms, genetics, and regulation
The development of the vertebrate limb: an approach through experiment, genetics, and evolution
Research review: the neurobiology and genetics of maltreatment and adversity
Genetic drift and estimation of effective population size
Initial heritability analyses of endophenotypic measures for schizophrenia: the consortium on the genetics of schizophrenia
Carotenoids 2: Genetics and molecular biology of carotenoid pigment biosynthesis.
Genetics of growth and meat production in chickens
An introduction to modern genetics
Genetics, paleontology, and macroevolution
Genetics of soybean agronomic traits: I. Comparison of three related recombinant inbred populations
Using allele frequencies and geographic subdivision to reconstruct gene trees within a species: molecular variance parsimony.
QTL analysis of transgressive segregation in an interspecific tomato cross.
Molecular characterization of the major wheat domestication gene Q
Enzymology, genetics, and regulation of membrane phospholipid synthesis in Escherichia coli.
Essential medical genetics
Quantitative trait locus (QTL) mapping using different testers and independent population samples in maize reveals low power of QTL detection and large bias in …
Genetics and conservation biology
Prediction of genetic values of quantitative traits in plant breeding using pedigree and molecular markers
Developmental genetics of vertebrate glial–cell specification
Theory and practice in quantitative genetics
Biology and genetics of reproduction
Functional dissection of the Tol2 transposable element identified the minimal cis-sequence and a highly repetitive sequence in the subterminal region essential for …
The quantitative genetics of transcription
The significance of content knowledge for informal reasoning regarding socioscientific issues: Applying genetics knowledge to genetic engineering issues
Pattern of nucleotide substitution and rate heterogeneity in the hypervariable regions I and II of human mtDNA
Recent insights into the genetics of inflammatory bowel disease
Formal reasoning ability and misconceptions concerning genetics and natural selection
The amount of DNA polymorphism maintained in a finite population when the neutral mutation rate varies among sites
Genetics of autism: overview and new directions
Molecular genetics of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
An investigation of high school biology textbooks as sources of misconceptions and difficulties in genetics and some suggestions for teaching genetics
Host and viral genetics and risk of cervical cancer: a review
The molecular genetics of human hemoglobins
Beyond the gene: Cytoplasmic inheritance and the struggle for authority in genetics
Chromosome identification and nomenclature of Sorghum bicolor
Evaluation of a genetically modified reassortant H5N1 influenza A virus vaccine candidate generated by plasmid-based reverse genetics
Maximum‐likelihood approaches applied to quantitative genetics of natural populations
Molecular biology of human male infertility: links with aging, mitochondrial genetics, and oxidative stress?
Prenatal diagnosis of autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD): molecular genetics, clinical experience, and fetal morphology
Seascape genetics: a coupled oceanographic-genetic model predicts population structure of Caribbean corals
Genetics of Parkinson's disease and parkinsonism
The Finland–United States investigation of non–insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus genetics (FUSION) study. I. An autosomal genome scan for genes that …
Extreme population-dependent linkage disequilibrium detected in an inbreeding plant species, Hordeum vulgare
Serial SimCoal: a population genetics model for data from multiple populations and points in time
Genetics and pathophysiology of mental retardation
Genetics of polyploid Xenopus
Genetics and physiology of starch development
Determining the source of individuals: multilocus genotyping in nonequilibrium population genetics
The evolutionary genetics and emergence of avian influenza viruses in wild birds
Conservation genetics in the management of desert fishes
Mapping 245 SSR markers on the Vitis vinifera genome: a tool for grape genetics
Cancer genetics and drug discovery in the zebrafish
The genetics of resistance and resilience to Haemonchus contortus infection in young Merino sheep
Neuronal systems underlying behaviors related to nicotine addiction: neural circuits and molecular genetics
Genetics of alkane oxidation byPseudomonas oleovorans
Overview of natural history, pathology, molecular genetics and management of HNPCC (Lynch syndrome)
Female sterile mutations on the second chromosome of Drosophila melanogaster. II. Mutations blocking oogenesis or altering egg morphology.
Mosquito molecular genetics: the hands that feed bite back
The genetics of venous thromboembolism
Method in yeast genetics
Genetics and metabolism
Evolution and the Genetics of Populations: A Treatise; Experimental Results and Evolutionary Deduction
Human behavior genetics
Genetics and the evolution of Muellerian mimicry in Heliconius butterflies
Medakafish as a model system for vertebrate developmental genetics
Parentage and sibship inference from multilocus genotype data under polygamy
An update on the genetics of paraganglioma, pheochromocytoma, and associated hereditary syndromes
Towards defining the urinary proteome using liquid chromatography‐tandem mass spectrometry I. Profiling an unfractionated tryptic digest
Biochemistry, physiology, and genetics of GPAT, AGPAT, and lipin enzymes in triglyceride synthesis
Behavioral genetics in transition.
Human molecular genetics
Genetics of anencephaly
Practical streptomyces genetics
Methods in yeast genetics-a laboratory course manual
Advanced bacterial genetics: a manual for genetic engineering
Conservation genetics: case histories from nature.
Metapopulation biology: ecology, genetics, and evolution
Methods in yeast genetics
Methods of yeast genetics
Host-parasite interactions in flax rust-its genetics and other implications
Developmental genetics of oogenesis
The genetics of hand malformations
Conservation genetics of endemic plant species
Genetics of meat and carcass traits
Conservation and genetics of salmonid fishes
Genetics and fishery management
Foundations of behavior genetics
Pathology and Genetics
An introduction to genetics statistics
Mitochondrial genetics and functions
The mussel Mytilus: ecology, physiology, genetics and culture
The genetics of sex determination in Nasonia vitripennis
PHYLIP (phylogenetic inference package) version 3.6. Department of Genetics, University of Washington
Pathology and genetics of skin tumors
MEGA2: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis software, Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona, USA
Pathological and Genetics Head and Neck Tumours
